THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE eACOMMONS.

VOL. 42.

VOL. 42.

A

t ‘ 1

A.

4\

X

JOURNALS

OF THE

9

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 23d, 1787,

TO

October the 16th, 1787,

In the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of The House of Commons.

1803.

VOL. 42.

0

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL.

VOL. 42.

Message to ittend His Majesty,

Writs issued in Uectss.

j

JOURNALS

OF T H E

HOUSE of COMMONS.

t Peers; for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwalin the room of the Right honourable Tho-Mortis,23* die Januarii J nuts Villiers, commonly called Lord , now Earl

of C, called up to the House of Peers; for Anno 27* Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1787. the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall,

in the room of John Buller, Esquire, deceased; and

A MESS AGE from His Majesty, by Sir for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somer-Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the se^> *n room of the Honourable Charles Phipps,

Black Rod: deceased.

Mr. Speaker, Several Members returned upon new Writs took Member*

The King commands this Honourable House to the Oaths> and made and subscribed the Declaration, take Oathi.

attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of and took and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, ac-

peers cording to the Laws made for those Purposes; and

such of the said Members as are by Law required to Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of up to attend His Majesty. their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath

of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took And being returned; and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bill read.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years

" of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Mr. Speaker " the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Ma- rfPor,u t*1®

" Warants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making Jesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech ^peecli.

" out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in ft-0® ft16 Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of " Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned; and which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes,

" for substituting other Provisions for the like Pur- obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is " poses," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of 88 followeth; viz. the Crown, to, make out new Writs for the Election

of Members to serve in Parliament for the following My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Places; viz. for the City of Norwich, in the room of I have particular Satisfaction in acquainting you, that Sir Harbord Harbord, Baronet, now Lord Suffield, since I last met you in Parliament the Tranquillity of called up to the House of Peers; for the Town of Europe has remained uninterrupted, and that all Foreign Berwick upon Tweed, in the room of the Right ho- Powers continue to express their friendly Disposition to nou'rable John Lord Delaval in the Kingdom of Ire- this Country. land, now Baron Delaval, of Delaval, in the County I have concluded a Treaty of Navigation and Com-of Northumberland, called up to the House of Peers; merce with the Most Christian King, a Copy of which for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, shall be laid before you. I must recommend it to in the room of the Right honourable Charles Jenlcin-you to take such Measures as you shall judge proper son, now Lord Hawkesbury, called up to the House for carrying it into Effect; and’ 1 trust you will find of Peers; for the City of’ Carlisle, in the County of that the Provisions contained in it are calculated for Cumberland, in the room of the Right honourable the Encouragement ot Industry and the Extension of Charles Ilorward, commonly called Earl of Surrey, lawful Commerce in both Countries, and, by pro-

now Duke of NorJ'olk, called up to the House of moting a beneficial Intercourse between our respective Vo L.42. ‘ Subjects,

4 2 3 ° Janua 1787.

Subjects, appear likely to give additional Permanence to the Blessings of Peace. I shall keep the same salutary Objects in View in the Commercial Arrangements which I am negotiating with other Powers.

I have also given Directions for laying before you a Copy of a Convention agreed upon between Me and the Catholic King, for carrying into Effect the Sixth Article of the last Treaty of Peace.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the present Year to be laid before you; and I have the fullest Reliance on your Readiness to make due Provision for the several Brandies of the Public Service.

The State of the Revenue will, I am persuaded, continue to engage your constant Attention, as being essentially connected with the National Credit, and the Prosperity and Safety of My Dominions.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

A Plan has been formed, by My Direction, for transporting a Number of Convicts, in order to remove the Inconvenience which arose from the crowded State of the Gaols in different Parts of the Kingdom; and you will, I doubt not, take such farther Measures as may be necessary for this Purpose.

I trust you will be able in this Session to carry into Effect Regulations for the Ease of the Merchants, and for simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue; and I rely upon the uniform Continuance of your Exertions in Pursuit of such Objects as may tend still farther to improve the National Resources, and to promote and confirm the Welfare and Happiness of My People.

Resolution Resolved, Nemine Contradicente,

for Address, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, s"etch8* *° return ^,s Majesty the Thanks of this House for His

etc Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To take the earliest Opportunity of offering in our own Name, and in that of all the Commons of Great Britain, our most hearty Congratulations on the Preservation of a Life so justly dear, to his People; and to express our Sense of the peculiar Favour of Providence in averting the Danger to which we were exposed, and rendering it only the Occasion of manifesting, in the fullest Manner, those Sentiments of Duty and affectionate Attachment to His Sacred Person, which are deeply rooted in the Hearts of all His Majesty’s Subjects:

To condole with His Majesty on the unfortunate Death of that most illustrious and excellent Princess, His Majesty’s Aunt, the Princess Amelia:

That we learn with great Satisfaction that the Tranquillity of Europe remains uninterrupted; and, that His Majesty continues to receive Assurances from all Foreign Powers, of their friendly Disposition towards this Country:

That we are sensible of His Majesty’s Goodness in having directed the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation with the Most Christian King, and the Convention agreed upon with the Catholic King, to be laid before us: That both these Events, particularly a Measure so important and extensive as a Commercial Arrangement between this Country and France, must be highly interesting to us, and our Constituents, and that it will afford us the truest Satisfaction to concur in any Measure calculated for the Encouragement of Industry, and the Extension of lawful Commerce, and which, by promoting a beneficial Intercourse between the Two Countries, shall appear likely to give additional Permanence to the Blessings of Peace:

1 hat His Majesty may rely on our Readiness to make due Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service; and that the State of the Revenue, so nearly

connected with the National Credit, and the Safety and Prosperity of His Majesty's Dominions, will continue to engage our unremitting Attention:

That we shall be desirous of taking such Measures as may be necessary for the Transportation of Convicts, in order to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen from the crowded State of the Gaols in different Parts of the Kingdom:

That we shall diligently apply ourselves to the Consideration of any Regulations which can be adopted for the ease of the Merchants, and for simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue; and that it will be equally our Duty and Inclination to use our utmost Exertions in Pursuit of such Objects as may tend still further to improve the National Resources, and to second His Majesty’s gracious and parental Wishes for the Welfare and Happiness of His People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Committee an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon Rje appointed to said Resolution. d,aw "P*

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Compton, Mr. Matthew Montagu, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, the Lord Midgrave, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. James Grenville,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Earl of Mornington, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Rose, the

Earl of Cou/'town, Mr. Steele, Mr. Secretary at War,

Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Galway, Sir George Howard,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. , Sir

Archibald Edmonstone; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech Speech veto both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said ^erre<1-Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Romney the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Edward Baronet, who, since his Election for the said lowo and Port, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Milbom# the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the I>ort " ,it* electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament 1 the Borough of Mil borne Port, in the County of Somerset, in the room of John Tow Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of llis Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dcsboroug/i, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BeeraUtoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beer ah ton, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Mornington in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

ttee

rdt

up.

2 7 Geo. III. 24

Mercurii,24*

Anno 27° Georgii III,a Regis, 1787. Prayers.

Grand Com- /"ORDERED, That the Grand Committee for Re-

wintad ap l'g‘on do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the p *' House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Member of this House, or endeavoured so to jpe, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Ordered That the Grand Committee for Trade do

sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee of Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap-

J’rivilegee appointed.

Ignite . And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Pophain, Mr. Burke, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Jolliff, Mr. Webb, Mr. Scott, Mr. Tawnshend, the Lord Hood,- Mr. Hood, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Miller, Mr. Browne, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Steele, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Fox, Mr. Ord, the Lord Mr.

Henry Dundas, Mr. Rose, the Lord North, Mr. Bear-croft, Sir Edmund Affleck, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. William Wyiidham Grenville, Lord Adam Gordon, the Lord Arden: And they are to meet upon Monday Seven-night, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and ail who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time;, and the Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Other usual Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Orders made. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Tiling shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a

Vol. 42.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do pre- sume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is sitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Halt shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

C Ordered,

6 14° Januarii, A. 1787.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, -or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House,

during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminsterand that he do see the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ot'dtred, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the same.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the same.

Chaplain, to Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach preach. before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster', upon Tuesday next, the 30th Day of this Instant Jammy.

Charge The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

ifastulgslf* ^ast ^ess*°n Parliament, intituled, "An Act to pro-

"vide that the Proceedings now depending in the " House of Commons upon Articles of Charge of " High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been " exhibited against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late " Governor General of Fort William, in Bengal, shall " not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution " of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 1st Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Retail Counterfeit Tradesmen of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the Copper Com. County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin; and praying, That such penal Laws may be enacted, as shall seem most adequate to correct a Practice so destructive to Trade, oppressive to the Poor, and disgraceful to the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the unfortunate distressed Debtors in Dorchester the Sheriff’s Ward, Dorchester, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Compton reported from the Committee, Address appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre- reported, and sented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn a6reed to* up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne; and to take the earliest Opportunity of offering to Your Majesty, in our own Name, and in that of all the Commons of Great Britain, our most hearty Congratulations on the Preservation of a Life so justly dear to Your People. W’e entertain a just Sense of the peculiar Favour of Providence in averting the Danger to which we were exposed, and rendering it only the Occasion of manifesting, in the fullest Manner, those Sentiments of Duty and affectionate Attachment to Your sacred Person, which are deeply rooted in the Hearts of all Your Majesty’s Subjects.

We condole with Your Majesty on the unfortunate Death of that most illustrious and excellent Princess,

Your Majesty’s Aunt, the Princess Amelia.

It is with great Satisfaction we learn that the Tranquillity of Europe remains uninterrupted; and, that Your Majesty continues to receive Assurances from all Foreign Powers, of their friendly Disposition towards this Country.

We are sensible of Your Majesty’s Goodness in having directed the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation with the Most Christian King, and the Convention agreed upon with the Catholic King, to be laid before us. Both these Events, particularly a Measure so important and extensive as a Commercial Arrangement between this Country and France, must be highly interesting to us and our Constituents; and it will afford us the truest Satisfaction to concur ia 2 any

7 Geo. III. 24° — 250 — 26° Januarii.

any Measure calculated for the Ehcouragement of Industry, and the Extension of lawful Commerce, and which, by promoting a beneficial Intercourse between the Two Countries, shall appear likely to give additional Permanence to the Blessings of Peace.

Your Majesty may at all Times rely on our Readiness to make due Provision for the several branches of the Public Service; and the State of the Revenue, so nearly connected with the National Credit and the Safety and I Prosperity of Your Majesty’s Dominions, will continue

to engage our unremitting Attention.

We shall not fail to take such Measures as may be necessary for the Transportation of Convicts, in order to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen from the crowded State of the Gaols in different Parts of die Kingdom.

We shall diligently apply ourselves to the Consideration of any Regulations which can be adopted for the Ease of the Merchants, and for simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue: And it will be equally our Duty and Inclination to use our utmost Exertions in pursuit of such Objects as may tend still further to improve the National Resources, and to second Your Majesty’s Gracious and Parental Wishes for the Welfare and Happiness of Your People.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

King’s Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech

Speech to be to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration considered. Tomorrow Morning.

Bury St. Ed- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

nnmd's Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Honourable George Ferdinand Fitzroy, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Motion for a to His Majesty; Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning. To be Con,.-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to dertd consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Januarii;

Anno 27° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the King’s An-House attended His Majesty Yesterday with their swer to Ad Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this <Jres8> most Gracious Answer:

t

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very loyal and dutiful Address.

The warm Expressions of your affectionate Attachment to My Person, and the Assurances of your Intention to apply with Diligence to those interesting Objects which I have recommended to your Consideration, afford Me peculiar Satisfaction.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House ad. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next j°urn to

Monday,

The House being informed that Mr. Drummond and Keport from Mr. Roe, Two of the Commissioners for examining, Commi*-taking, and stating, the Public Accounts of the King- p"Jj|cs^c-dom, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, cou„ts. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Fifteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Fifteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to exanhifie, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Jovis, 25° die Januarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

Be King npHE Earl of Courloun reported to the House, appoints to JL That His Majesty, having been waited upon be au nded. (pursuant; to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure when He would Lie pleased to be attended by this House; had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

King’s The House proceeded to take into Consideration

Speech con. His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses sidered. of parliament

Vol. 42.

In our last Report we examined into the Charges sustained by the Public, for the Management of the Custom Revenue in the Year 1784, as far as those Charges arose from the Payments made by the Crown and the Subject to the Officers employed in the Customhouse and Port of London.

We submitted to the Wisdom of the Legislature the Observations which occurred to our Judgment in the Course of that Inquiry; and suggested various Kegu^ lations, with a View to Order and Oeconomy, which to us seemed fitting and expedient to be adopted.

Having finished that Examination, we proceeded to a similar one respecting the Out Ports of the Customs; and, as there remained other and material Sources of* Diminution of the Produce of this Revenue, distinct from, and no Way comprehended in, that great Head of Expenditure, consisting of the Payments by the Crown to the Officers, these remaining

Charges

8

fifteenth Jlcport fui Public Account.

2 6° Januarii.

A. 1787.

Appendix. N° 1. N°2.

Charges became in like Manner the Objects of our of February. The like Instruments were transmitted to Investigation. the Collector and Controller at every Out Port, with

We experienced great Delay in procuring the Ac- an Order of the same Date; and those Officers, thus counts necessary to enable us to ascertain and state furnished with a Rule to govern the Returns, both as that specific Portion of the Total Expence of Manage- to Form and Matter, were directed to call upon the ment which had, in the Year under our Considera- Patent Officers, their Deputies, and the rest of the tion, been applied to the Support of the Officers con- Officers under their Survey, to prepare the Accounts with cerned in conducting this wide and extensive Depart- all possible Speed, and to send them up to the Board ment of Customs.

Apprehending that these Accounts might, from their Soon after the Transmission of these Orders, Returns Nature and Extent, demand a considerable Time in were received from some of the Out Ports; but the forming, we did not omit to make our Requisition for Collectors and Controllers at several of them, instead of them at an early Period, and while engaged in Objects sending the Returns, stated to the Board many Diffi-not soon to be exhausted; thereby guarding against culties they met with in obeying and carrying into Efifect the Evil of Interruption, in the Progress of our their Orders.

The principal Impediments so alledged were the Non-Residence or Absence of the Patent Officers, whereby it became impracticable to perfect the Account, there being no Means of supplying that Part of it which had Reference to those Officers. From the Port of Hull the Account came up in Blank, as far as it regarded the Patent Officers; and the Reason assigned for its being transmitted in such a State, was, that one of them was in London, another at Dorchester, and the Deputy to the Third, in Scotland. At several

Labours, from the Want of the Returns and Materials which were to become the Ground-work of our Proceedings.

Accordingly, on the 17th Day of December 1784, we issued Two Precepts to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs: the one, for that Account which formed the Subject Matter of our last Report — the other, for " An Account of the Gross Salaries, Fees, " Allowances, and Gratuities, received by the Officers of the Customs in the Out Ports; distin-

guishing by what Authority they are severally ap- other Ports the Collectors and Controllers were obliged.

" pointed, with the Payments for Taxes, Deputies, " Clerks, and other contingent Expences, under " their several Heads, and the Net Produce received " by each Officer for the Year 1784;" — an Account to which, in the Order of this Report, our Attention is first directed.

The Account for the Port of London was not delivered to us until the April following.

To our Requisition for the Out Port Account we had no Return before the Month of November; and from a similar Cause, to return the Accounts in like Manner unfinished and defective. To remove this Obstacle, which prevailed at many of the Out Ports, the Board of Customs, some Time in May, issued their Orders to such of the Patent Officers themselves, whose Places of Residence they could discover, to prepare the Accounts required, and transmit them directly to the Board. They had it not in their Power to communicate these Orders to the whole Class of Patent Officers, the Office not possessing a Knowledge of the Residence

then we received Lists for only Four of the Ports, of them all; because, though it is the usual Practice, and those incomplete. We did not suffer this Interval upon the registering of a Patent in the Secretary's of Time to elapse without making frequent and re- Department, to enter the Place ot Abode of the Officer peated Applications to the Office of the Customs, to appointed by that Instrument, yet no Notification of any the Intent that we might be informed of the Causes subsequent Change in his Residence is transmitted to which impeded the Return, the Means used to oh- the Office.

tain, and the Progress and State of the Account required.

We were made acquainted with these Particulars, and with other Matters necessary to explain and eluci-

These Orders of the Board produced Returns from some of the Patent Officers, but many of them imperfect. All the Returns, whether from the London or the Out Port Officers, whether coming through the

date this Part of the Subject, by the Examination of Intervention of the Collectors and Controllers, or William Stiles, Esquire, Secretary to the Commission- made directly by the Patentees, were committed to

ers of the Customs; and by that of Mr. John Dailey, the Charge of Mr. John Dailey, in order that he might

Deputy Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts digest and form them into the Accounts required by our

and Payments, who also made known to us the Precepts.

Method in which the Accounts were raised, and the The Execution of this Work, as confined to the Materials of which the one for the Out Ports is com- Port of London, proved to be a Service of Difficulty posed. and Labour. Among Returns so numerous, and to

The Board of Customs, on the iSth of December a Requisition at the same Time so extensive and so 1784, the Day subsequent to the Date of our Pre- definite, many were found to be wanting in the cepts, gave by their Minute the Instructions and Or- Fullness and Precision not to be dispensed with: But Hers necessary to procure from all the Officers of the having the Advantage of the Presence of the London Customs, whether belonging to the Port of London or Officers, and thereby an Opportunity of personal Into the Out Ports, the Accounts that were called tercourse and Explanation, be was enabled, either to for. obtain new Returns or Corrections of the original

That no Errors might be occasioned by Ignorance ones i so as that, by devoting many of his official, and or Misapprehension, on the Part of the Officers, and all his leisure Hours to the Business, he had nearly that exact and complete Returns might be obtained, completed the Account by April. He then received, the Board ordered Copies of our Precepts to be from the Office of the Secretary, the Returns made by the Officers of the Out Ports, for the same Purpose of framing the Account.

If the London Returns were replete with Error, far more erroneous and defective were those transmitted from the Out Ports. Upon inspecting and comparing those Returns with Books and Accounts in

printed, and Specimens, describing the Form in which the Account was to be made out, to be subjoined.

These printed Instruments were delivered to the London Officers, with an Order of the Board, dated January the 1st, 2785; requiring them to make the

Returns into the Office of the Secretary, *n or before the Office of the Customs, he discovered that few the i8tirof that Month; which Injunction was so far "ere regular, consistent, or correct. Various and effectual, that the Accounts were received by the numerous were their Defects. Officers were omitted, Board of Customs, and committed to the Officer Salaries paid by the Crown not inserted, Allowances appointed to reduce them into Form, by the Month from the Crown blended with Fees taken from the

3 Subject,

a j Geo. III. i 6°Ja 9

Subject, and, in some Instances, no Receipt of Fees in this Subjection, it is wholly independent of, and no stated. The Sums returned by principal Officers, as Way different from, the Head Port, paid to their Deputies, did not accord with the Sums A Creek, in the Language of the Customs, is a Place admitted to have been received by them; a Disagree- included within the Limits either of a Head or Member ment which proved, upon Inquiry, frequently to have Port, as set out by the Commissions of the Court of arisen from this Circumstance, that the Deputy had Exchequer, and at which Officers competent to trans-not distinguished Fees received on his own Account act the Coast Business are stationed by Order of the from those which he had taken on that of his Patentee. Board of Customs. The Creek is, in like Manner No Uniformity prevailed in the System of Payment, with the Member Port, subject to the Authority of the between the Patent Officers and their Deputies; the Patent Officers.

Mode adopted at some of the Ports being, pursuant Between the Member Port and the Creek there is to the Orders of the Treasury, that of allowing the this essential Difference;

Deputy a Salary of Twenty Pounds a Year, or the At the Member Port all Transactions relative to whole of the Fees, if they fell short of that Sum; at Foreign Commerce, and every other Branch of the others, no Payment by Salary being in Use, but an Business of the Customs, may be carried on equally as Allowance of the Whole or a Share of the Patent Fees, at the Head Port; and at both of them there are Quays, the Method by which the Deputy was paid, and these which have been set out and described in the Exchequer Portions different at different Ports, according to the Commissions, where the Merchant has a Right, at legal particular Terms of the Agreement ' To reconcile the Hours, to land or ship his Goods.

Inconsistencies, to supply the Defects, and correct the At the Creek no Foreign Commerce can be trans- Errors, which were thus generally prevalent among the acted unless by special Sufferance, obtained, in every Returns, and sometimes many of them conjoined in particular Instance, from the Head or Member Port the same Return, he was obliged to maintain a con- within the Boundaries of which such Creek is situate:

tinued Correspondence with the Collectors and Controllers at the various Out Ports; and, in order that every Means of Acceleration might be had Recourse to, wherever he could discover their Residence, he made immediate Application to the Patent Officers, and did not wait for the Interference of the Collector and Controller of the Port.

notwithstanding the Exertions made by the Board of Customs to procure and expedite the Returns from which this Account could alone be formed, the Impediments to the Accomplishment of the Work were so great, and so hardly to be surmounted, that a complete Return to our Requisition was not delivered to us until the 22d Day of February 17S6 — a Period of Time so remote from the Date of our Precept* that we judged the foregoing Narration, explanatory of the Delay, and tending also to throw a Light upon Parts of the Official System at the Out Ports, to be neither immaterial nor unnecessary.

IN order that the Arrangement of the Account, and much of the subsequent Matter contained in this Report, may be rendered intelligible, a Knowledge of the following Particulars is requisite.

The Out Ports of the Customs, though passing under One general Denomination, are subject to a Distinction. They are either Head Ports, or Members, and are so distinguished and constituted by Commissions issued at different Times from the Court of Exchequer, appointing Commissioners to assign Ports, and settle their respective Limits and Boundaries. These Commissions are founded upon the Authority of Acts of Parliament, of which the Original are those of the 1st of Queen Elizabeth, and the 14th of Charles the Second.

Besides the Out Ports thus comprehended under Two Divisions, there is a Third Class or Description belonging to the Customs, known by the Appellation of Creeks.

The Circumstance which characterizes a Head Port, is, that the Three Patent Officers, the Customer, Controller, and Searcher, are each, by their Patents, specially appointed to it; and in virtue of that Appointment, these Officers, as far as regards their respective Offices, exercise a Jurisdiction and Authority over all the Members appertaining to the Head Port, and over all the Creeks appertaining either to the Head or Member Ports.

The Member is distinguished by a Subordination to, and Dependence upon, the Head Port, in respect to the Three Patent Officers above-mentioned; but, except Vol. 42.

and in those Cases, the Duties, if any, must, previous to the obtaining the Sufferance, be paid or secured at the Head or Member Port: But all Coast Business, of every Description, may be transacted at the Creek equally as at the Head or Member Port.

A Jurisdiction vested in the Patent Officers, of this diffused and extended Nature, must of Necessity be attended with the following Effect, that they cannot be resident and abiding upon all their Offices; and that, in every Case where they have Members and Creeks in Dependence, the Business belonging to their respective Departments must be executed by Persons appointed to act for them: And hence the Practice of executing their Office by Deputy appears to have originated. The Members being, like the Head Ports, Places where all Foreign as well as Coast Business may be transacted, the Three Patent Officers are bound to have their respective Deputies at such Ports, that the Course of Commerce may not be impeded or delayed from the Want of Officers to conduct the Business, which the Merchant is entitled to have done. Regularly, the Customers and Controllers should have Deputies at Creeks, in order that the Coast Business may be carried on. The Searcher is an Officer peculiarly and solely employed in Transactions respecting Foreign Trade; and thence there is no absolute Occasion for his having a Deputy at the Creek, which is never, but under special Authority, competent thereto. On this Account, at many of the Creeks, there are not Deputy Searchers stationed: At some of them there are, for the Purpose of attending Goods shipped for Foreign Parts by virtue of special Sufferance; which Business must otherwise be performed by the Officer who executes that Duty at the Port where the Sufferance was granted.

No Duties on Imports and Exports being collected at Creeks, there are no Collectors for Duties of that Description appointed to them; but at several of the Creeks the Coal, which are Coast Duties, are received, in consequence of the proper Officers for carrying on that Collection being stationed at them by Order of the Board of Customs. The Coal Duties collected at these Creeks are, pursuant to the Order of that Board, paid to the Collector of the Head or Member Port of which such Creek is a Part, and by him remitted to the Receiver General, and accounted for with the Controller General. To this general Rule, however, there is One Exception, that of Leigh; where, though it is a Creek, and as such incompetent to the Receipt of Duties on Imports or Exports, the Collector remits the Duties received on Coals to the D Receiver

Fifteen th Report on Public Accounts.

Fifteenth Report on I'ullic Accounts,

Nft3-

N*4.

N* 5-

io 26° Januarii.A. 1787.

Receiver General, and passes his Account of them Offices of the Customs at the Out Ports is Sixty-seven, with the Controller General, in like Manner os if Therein however are comprehended some, which, they were Duties arising from Foreign Commerce; and though anciently Patent Offices, and still considered Leigh is accordingly included in the List of the Out as such, and returned in the above List, are at present Ports. holden by Constitution.

From the foregoing Distinctions the true and spe- The Number of Patent Officers who acted them-cific Definition of an Out Port appears to be this — selves, in the Year 1784, was Ten; of those who A Port where there is a Collector stationed to receive acted by Deputy, Fifty-seven; and of Deputies, Two the Duties due and payable upon Foreign Commerce; hundred and Ninety nine. Only One other Office, in where all the Transactions relative thereto, as well as Addition to these Patent ones, was, in the same Year, the other Business of the Customs, may regularly and executed at the Out Ports-by Deputy, namely that of of course be carried on; and where the Duties col- Coast Waiter for Sandwich; to which the Appointment lected are remitted to the Receiver General, and ac- is in virtue of a Treasury Warrant, and whose Deputy counted for with the Controller General: — And is included in the above Number, hence these Ports are also called " The Accountant

" Ports." The Account we now enter upon, and to w'hich we 6.

judged this previous Explanation necessary, coinpre-

In order to have before us One general and distinct i,erids all the Officers of the Customs employed in View of the Out Port Department, previous to our the Out Ports, in the Year 1784, classed under the entering upon the Account of the Officers, we issued Ports to which they respectively belonged. This a Precept for " A List of the Out Ports in the Office Account is distinguished into the Seventy-two Out " of the Customs, with the Denomination by which Ports.

" they are distinguished respectively." They are ranged in the following MannerThe

' It appeara from the Return, that, exclusive of Lon- Head Ports are inserted in Alphabetical Order; and don, which is a Head Port, the Number of Head Ports where there are Member Ports dependent upon the in the Customs is Twenty; that of these, Four have no Head, they are placed in immediate Succession after it, dependent Members, and that the Dependence of the and disposed likewise Alphabetically.

Member Ports is distributed among the remaining It appeared eligible to adopt this Method of Ar-

Sixteen Head Ports; that there are Fifty-one Member rangement, in Preterence to a general Alphabetical Ports, and that these all taken together, making one, notwithstanding the Account of the Controller Seventy-one in Number, constitute the Out Ports of General, and the other Accounts of the Customs, re-the Customs; to which if Leigh, standing, as has been lative to the Out Ports, are so disposed; because, as described, in a peculiar Situation, be added, the Number this Account has strict and sole Relation to the Emo-of the Out Ports will then be, what it is usually deemed, foments and Payments of the Officers, and as those of Seventy-two. - the Patent Officers result from all the Ports under The Creeks belonging to the Customs, Leigh not their Jurisdiction, whether principal or dependent, included, are Thirty-two. - and constitute a material Part of the Account, the

This Return contains the Dates of the Exchequer various Sources of their Receipts and Disbursements Commissions by which the Head and Member Ports are, by this Mode of Distribution, brought into One were severally appointed, except in Six Instances, where close connected View, instead of standing, as they

no Entries of those Commissions can be found in the otherwise would, dispersed and apart. Though the

Books of the Custom House. Seventy-two Out Ports alone are kept separate in this

In the List of the Creeks, the Ports to which they Account, yet the Creeks, where Officers of the Cus-

respectively appertain are distinguished; the Dates of toms are also stationed, are included in it. To these the Board’s Orders, whereby the Creeks were made, do Creeks no particular Division is allotted, but they are not appear. entered under the Title of the Port, either Head or

That we might collect such other Materials and Member of which they are a Part; and the Articles Information as we judged necessary to afford us suf- in the Returns for them are carried to their proper ficient Knowledge upon the Subject under our imme- Columns, and blended with the Totals of those re-diate Investigation, we made two further Requisitions spective Ports.

to the Commissioners of the Customs; the one, for In this Account, the Employment, the Authority

" A List of the Officers of the Customs at the Out whence the Appointment is derived, the Instrument by

" Ports holden by Letters Patent, with the Names which it is held, the different Sources of Emolument,

" of the Officers in possession of the said Offices, and the Gross Amount, the Deductions from that Gross " their respective Interests therein ;" the other for "An Amount, the Sum returned to the Public by the PayAccount of the Patent and other Officers at the several ment of Taxes, and the Net Income of each Officer,

" Out Ports who execute their Offices by Deputy, with are exhibited under their distinct Heads. These " the Names of the Officers, Offices, and their Deputies, several Distinctions and Circumstances are not partial,

" respectively." but general; they pervade and operate upon the whole

By the Return to the First of these Precepts, we are Department of the Customs, and as such, the System, made acquainted with the Number and Description of in regard to them, at the Out Ports, is, for the most the Patent Offices belonging to the Out Ports: By Part, analogous to that which prevails in the Port of that to the last we discover in what Instances the Pa- London; consequently, their Origin and Ground have tent Officers themselves discharged the Duties an-, been developed, and, with their Explanation, are to be nexed to their Employments; and to what Extent, found in our last Report.

and at what Out Ports or Creeks, that, or any other To avoid useless Repetition, and the Incumbrance

Class of Officers in the Customs, did not in Person, of superfluous Matter, we forbear from resuming a but by Deputy, execute the Business of their respective minute Inquiry into those Subjects, and deem it suf-Offices. ficient to refer to that Report, and the Papers thereto

At the Port of Bristol, besides the Three Patent annexed (whence our Knowledge was drawn) for Officers appointed to every Head Port, there are particular Information; contenting ourselves here with Four King’s Waiters included in this List of Offices stating generally what was there detailed, and discii-holden by Letters Patent; and at that, and Two minating and explaining only those Articles in the other Head Ports, the Office of Customer is divided Account which are new or specially connected with the into Two Branches. The Number of the Patent Out Ports.

7 The

7 Geo. III.

260 Janu.

11

The Officers of the Customs in the Out Ports hold their Employments either from the Crown, by Letters Patent — from the Board of Treasury, by Constitution, or by Treasury Warrant, and the Commission of the Board of Customs pursuant to that Warrant — from the Board of Customs by Commission, and in some Instances by Minute; and, where they are Deputies to Patent Officers, by Deputation from the Patentee; which Deputation is subject to the Approval of the Treasury, in those Cases where it is so expressed in die Patent. Extra Officers, that is, such as are not constantly, but occasionally, employed in the Service, Duties is carried on by a Set of Officers distinct from act in general under the Appointment of the Collector those who collect and controul the other Duties of the and Controller of the Port. Customs. At an Out Port, the Collector and Con-

There are Persons employed by some of the Officers trailer of the rest of the Custom Duties do in general at the Out Ports as’ Clerks, who, from the Circum- manage and transact also this Branch of Business; but stance of their not being paid by the Crown, nor ap- where they do, their Authority is derived, not as in pointed by any regular Formality, are not usually their other Official Capacity, from the Warrant of the

Report on Public Accounts.

Port of London consisting of Salaries) and as such it is Fifteenth entitled to further Explanation.

There are Three Descriptions of Officers who conduct the Collection of the Duties on Coals; the Collectors — the Controllers — and the Meters. The Appointment of all Officers concerned in this Service is, by the Acts of the 9th and 1 oth of William the Third,

Chapter the 13th, and 10th and nth of William the Third, Chapter the 21st, specially vested in the Commissioners of the Customs.

In the Port of London the Collection of the Coal

considered as Officers of the Customs, and have not been included in Returns to Requisitions of a similar Nature with this. These Clerks, though deriving no Emolument from, and creating no Diminution in, the Produce of the Custom Duties, do sometimes receive Fees and Gratuities in the Execution of their Business. Such Payments, which are in Fact a Charge upon the Public, and a Charge directly connected with the Subject on which our Attention is fixed, would have

Treasury, which nominates, and the Commission of the Board of Customs, which follows that Nomination, and thereby communicates the Right to the Employment, but from a Commission originating in Nomination, as well as in the Delegation of Authority, solely with the Board of Customs, and appointing these Officers, each pursuant to that Instrument, to be Collector and Controller of the Duties on Coals.

At Creeks where there are no Collectors, the Board

been lost in the Inquiry, and the Result thereof ren- generally appoint the Deputy Customer to be Collector

dered so far imperfect, if Persons of the above Description had been excluded from the Account. We therefore required that they should be comprehended in it, wherever any Part of their Official Income appeared to have arisen from the Acceptance of Fees or Gratuities.

We found ovly One specific Difference between the Authorities and Instruments by which the Officers in the Port of London, and those belonging to the Out

of the Coal Duties. In this Account, where the Board of Customs have, as is usual, appointed to the Coal Department the Officers who collect and controul the Custom Duties in general at the Port, the Authority, though specially flowing from them, is not inserted, and it is only stated where they have made other and distinct Persons the Collectors and Controllers.

The Meters are Persons appointed By Commission of the Board to execute and carry on the Weighing

- --- ---- O O X O O

Ports, hold their Employments, and that takes place and Admeasurement of Coals; and if not Officers of

in an Appointment peculiar to the Port of and there confined to Two Officers, both in the same Department, the Appraisers in the King’s Warehouse, who are appointed to their Offices by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and hold them under his Warrant

The Duration of the Interest in Office affords likewise a Matter of Peculiarity and Exception.

In the Port of London, some of the Patent Offices are held for Life, and some granted in Reversion: At the Out Ports, none of the Patent Officers have a Life Interest in their Employments; but they are all subject to that general Law, which (except in the above In-

the Customs before, they are by that Appointment rendered so.

The Commission of the Board of Customs, appointing Officers to the Conduct of the Coal Service, is of a limited Effect. It docs not, like other Commissions from that Board, impart a general Power of seizing all prohibited or uncustomed Goods; but it restricts and binds the Exercise of that Right by such Officers wholly to the Article of Coals, and the Ship or Vessele concerned in the Carriage thereof.

The Coal Poundage, and the Metage, entered in the Column of " Salaries and Allowances from the " Crown," are the Compensations received by Of-

stances) governs the whole Department of the Customs, ficers for these Serv ices, according to the Rates esta-

a Tenure during Pleasure only.

There are other Modes of Payment by the Crown, to the Officers of the Customs, than the one of Salary, and that Species of Allowance which so nearly resembles a Salary that it cannot without Difficulty be distinguished from it: They consist, as we have stated in our last Report, of One Allowance and Four Poundages: Of the Poundages, that to the Inspector of Prosecutions, arising from the Produce of Seizures paid into the Exchequer, is a Species of Reward restricted to London, and to a single Officer. bfieporgN'io. The Quarantine Allowance, and Two of the remain-k' N'n. fog Poundages, the one upon the Coinage Duties, the

0*

blished by the Treasury Warrant of the 19th of September 1699, annexed to our last Report, and subjoined here as having immediate Connection with the Subject. Sometimes the Collectors, Controllers, and Meters, have Salaries, by Order of the Board, in Addition to these Allowances of Poundage and Metage.

The Salaries which the Patent Officers receive by virtue of their Patents, though inserted in the Account as being Part of their Emoluments, are not paid at the Out Ports, but by the Receiver General, and taken Credit for by him in his Payments, under their proper Head. Sometimes the Patent Officers

_ 0 q / i q / r 1 ——

N Ia* other upon the Gross Produce of the Sale of the Enume- have also Salaries upon the Establishment; and those,

rated Goods (called The Enumerated Poundage) are Sources of Profit common to certaita Officers, both in London and the Out Ports, according to the Proportions and Distributions settled by the Instruments which created and authorized those Modes of Payment for particular Services.

The Poundage on the Coal Duties has sole Reference to the Out Ports (the Payments by the Crown to the Officers employed in that Collection for the Vol. 42.

as well as all the other Salaries, Allowances, and Emoluments of every Kind, proceeding from the Crown to the Officers at the Out Ports, are paid by the Collector at the Port. These Payments are made out of any Duties collected on Account of the Customs, excluding the Five excepted Branches, unless it be the Enumerated Poundage and Commission, for which the Gross Produce of Seizures and Fines is the Fund of Payment.

The

N# 7.

12 26° Januariu A. 1787:

Fifteenth The Species of Recompence called " Commission " Report is peculiar to the Out Ports. It is an Allowance of

on Public Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence each, to Two

Accounts. ()fficers appointed Commissioners for calling in proper Persons to appraise Goods seized, and for superintending the Execution of the Writ of Appraisement issued from the Court of Exchequer. This Writ is directed to the Collector, Controller, and Searcher, at the Port: and in virtue of that Authority Two of these Officers become the Commissioners, and are entitled to the Reward above-mentioned.'

The Authority to the Collector, for paying the Officers their. Salaries and Allowances, is transmitted from the Board of Customs. If the Officers are on the Establishment, this Authority is grounded upon a Quarterly Warrant of the Treasury; if they are on the Incidental List, it originates with the Board.

The Quarantine Allowance is paid pursuant to an Annual Order of the Board, made in virtue of a Treasury Warrant authorizing that Order.

The Coinage Poundage, and the Coal Poundage and Metage, are paid, the former under the Warrant of the Treasury of the Year 1714, the latter under that of the Year 1699; both of course, and without any Intervention of the Board of Customs. The original Minute of the Board, of the 9th of May 1728, is the Authority for the Payment of the Enumerated Poundage.

In the Column of " Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities," is entered the Total Sum received by each Officer through those several Sources of Profit. The Particulars composing those Totals, or the Authorities, wltether of Law or Usage, under which they are takcu, were in very few Instances stated in the Returns.

The Land Tax, the Shilling and Sixpenny Duties, and the Contributions by certain Officers to the Superannuation Fund, comprehend all the Payments to which the Emolument of the Officer is liable for Taxes, and which are included under that Head. Where the Salary of the Officer does not exceed Sixty Pounds a Year, the Land Tax paid upon it is returned, by virtue of an Annual Warrant of the Treasury directing the lie-payment The Officers under this Description did not in general, in their Returns, insert the Payment of the Land Tax; and it is wholly excluded from the Account. They appear to have omitted the Insertion of this Article, because their Net Income was no Way affected by the Disbursement, the same Sum being taken from and restored to them; and the Entry is unnecessary, as the Sums so refunded are taken Credit for by the Collector of each Port, in his Account of Incidents, under the Title of " Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid," and thereby become a Charge upon the Custom Duties.

The several Items forming the Totals entered in the Column of " Contingent Expences," were rarely distinguished by the Officers. Where they were, the principal Article was the Expence of keeping Horses for the Purpose of executing the Duties of their Employments.

The Salary of the Patent Officer, and his other Emoluments, as well as his Payments of every Kind, though appertaining to, and occasioned by, all the Ports under his Jurisdiction, are collected together, and placed in their respective Columns in the Account for the Head Port; and those Columns, as far as concerns the Patent Officers, are left Blank in the Accounts for the Member Ports. It would not have been practicable to have decompounded these Totals, and apportioned to each Port the precise Share thereof which belonged to it; such Distinctions not being observed in the Returns of the Patentees themselves; and those of their Deputies not supplying that Information.

The Account delivered to us from the Customs, thus composed, we have modified and altered, as to the Disposition of its Contents, in the following Instances: .

We have extracted from the Column of " Payments " by the Crown," and have carried into a separate Column, the Sums paid by the principal or other Officers to their Deputies and Clerks, in order that where these Sums had been derived from the Crown, and included in the Payments to the Principal, the Effect of a double Charge upon this Revenue might be avoided; and that, where they were paid, not out of Salaries or Allowances flowing from the Crown, but out of Fees and Gratuities received from Individuals, a Charge might not be brought upon this Revenue, which it had not in Reality sustained.

We required by our Precept, that the Diminution of Income to the Officer, by his Payment for Taxes, should be distinguished from his other Deductions; because the Sums so paid have a peculiar Destination and Effect. They re-become a Part of the National Income, and diminish the Public Expence, by the Payment back of a certain Portion of the Sum issued.

The Contributions to the Superannuation Fund are different in their Nature and Direction. That Fund is an Institution established within, and confined in Application to, the Department of the Customs.

Those Contributions therefore, though considered by the Officer as a Species of Tax, and inserted in the Column under that Title, yet, as not being levied on Public Account, and applied to Public Use, we have separated and kept apart in the Account.

These Distinctions and Arrangements we have adhered to in forming the Account of the Officers of the Customs at the Out Ports, from the same Motive and to the same End' which led us to adopt them in the correspondent Account for the Port of,

that important End of communicating complete and accurate Information to the Legislature, of the Total Expence borne by Government and the Subject, in the Support of the numerous Officers to whom the Conduct of this great Office of Receipt is committed.

From this Account it appears, that in the Year J 784, Two thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-seven Officers and Clerks, with many Assistants acting upon extra or casual Services, of whom no definite Number is stated, were employed in executing the Business of the Customs at the Out Ports and Creeks of England and Wales) — that the Salaries and Allowances received by them from the Public amounted to Ninety-six thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-six £.96,996. 5.

Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Five Pence; the Fees and Gratuities from Individuals to Fifty-one thousand >j. 61-

Seven hundred and Twenty-one Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Sixpence Three Farthings; — that the Payment back to the Public, by Taxes, was One thousand 1.740. * »°t-Seven hundred and Forty Pounds, Eight Shillings,

and Ten Pence One Farthing; which, deducted from the Amount of the Salaries and Allowances, leaves a real Charge upon the Public of Ninety-five

thousand Two hundred and Fifty-six Pounds, Three <£ 95.* J- *!

Shillings, and Six Pence Three Farthings; and this last Sum, added to the Amount of Fees and Gratuities, gives One hundred and Forty-six thousand Nine £ m«.97t- «» d hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and One Penny Halfpenny, the Total Expence to the Public and the Subject, in that Year, on Account of the Officers of the Customs belonging to the Out Ports.

The Share and Proportion whicl\ the Out Ports severally bore in producing this general Result, may be seen by referring to the Abstract at the End of the Account; where among the respective Totals of the Receipts and Payments of the Officers at each Port,

27 Geo. III. 2 6°Januarii. 13

will be found, in their proper Columns, those scpa- Those whom we had an opportunity of examining Fifteenth rate Sums, from a Combination of which the above were, Mr. Anthony Palmer Deputy Customer Report

aggregate Total is raised. Outwards at the Port of Bristol; Thomas

One very material Part of the Inquiry we directed Esquire, Patent Searcher at the same Port; Thomas " ' No to the Port of London, consisted in an Examination Barker, Esquire, at present One of the Four General w 9- °'

into the Duty and Employment of the Officers prin- Surveyors resident in London, but who had been in cipally concerned in superintending or executing the various successive Offices at the Port of Portsmouth, of various Branches and Divisions of Business info which which the Collector was the last; Mr. fjou.

the Office of the Customs is distributed. That Inves- Adams, Collector at Milford) and Mr. Richard Butler, N° iw.

tigation, though laborious, and of slow Progress, as it Deputy Controller at the Port of tended to bring into immediate Comparison the Ser- The Information derived from the above Officers will vice performed with the Recompence received, we be made Use of) as Occasion may arise, in the Progress thought it right to institute, avoiding therein minute of this Report.

Disquisition, and fixing our Views on general Objects. HAVING attained the First of the Tw’O leading

We did not judge the same Line of Conduct to be Objects of our Research, that is, the Charge upon the either expedient or necessary respecting the Out Ports: Crown, and the Subject, in the Year 1784, arising from Various Impediments, and many Objections to that the Payments to the Officers employed in the several Mode of Proceeding, presented themselves. To' the Out Ports of England and Wales — we proceeded to the Execution of it the personal Attendance of Officers remaining one, an Examination into those other Branches would have been essential: The Absence, from an of Expenditure, whereby the Produce of the Customs Out Port, of the leading and most intelligent ones for the same Year wras reduced.

(and none others would have suited our Purpose)

must have occasioned material Inconvenience and In- That we might procure a general Statement of the lerruption, both to the Official Business and the Trade Total Receipt and Payments of that Year, and be of the Port. Their coming to appear before us from enabled to ascertain what Portions of those Totals Places so numerous, and some of them so distant, as referred to each particular Port, we issued a Precept are comprehended within the Out Port Department for " An Account of the Gross Receipt of the Cus-

of the Customs, could not have been effected without " toms, in London and the Out Ports, with the several

inducing Expence upon the Public; and the Ad- " Payments at each Port; distinguished under the vancement of our Work, of Necessity tedious, would " proper Heads, and with the Net Produce of each, for have been greatly retarded by opening this extensive " the Year 1784."

Field of Examination. These Suggestions, in them- From the Examinations of Mr. Joshua Powell, First N0i3.

selves of much Moment, were enforced by the follow- Clerk to the Controller General of the Accounts of

ing Consideration, not less weighty and conclusive, the Customs, of Mr. John Mills, Assistant to the Re- N° 1+.

In the Port of London we have taken up the Custom ceiver General, and Mr. James Powell, Chief Clerk to *5-

Duty at its Origin, and pursued it to its End and Ap- the Inspector of the Out Port Collectors Accounts and plication. The leading Circumstances, which inter- Vouchers, we received the necessary Information relative vene in that Official Course, we have endeavoured to to this Subject, and the Returns transmitted to us trace and state. The Precautions for guarding the from the respective Departments to which these Officers Article of Commerce, from its Arrival in Port to the belong.

Payment of Duty; the Rule for ascertaining the The Account required by the foregoing Precept is

Quantum of Duty; the Mode of Collection, Control, a general one, and it is of such Magnitude, and com-Account, and Payment into the Treasury of the Duties prehends so great a Variety and Multiplicity of Ar-collected; the Payment out of them by Bounty, or tides and Accounts, collected from different Sources,

Re-payment by Drawback; the Guard placed upon that it is nearly impracticable for it to undergo the the Article exported, to secure the Revenue from proper Examination and Correction, so as to be ren-Fraud; with the general Regulations and Formalities dered sufficiently accurate, in a shorter Space of Time attendant upon these respective Stages, are there than a Year. As soon as the Account for the Year N*i6.

described. 1784 could be made out, we received it from the Office

That Detail includes the great Outline of the System, of the Customs, whence the Custom Revenue is created, and the Business The Total Receipt, in Money and Bonds, therein of the Officer constituted. stated, is Six millions Nine hundred and Sixty thou- £ 6,960,64*-7- *fc

The Transactions at the Out Ports, operating upon sand Six hundred and Forty-two Pounds, Seven Shil-

the same Subject, and governed by the same Prin- lings, and Two Pence One Farthing; and the Net

ciples, must pass through and undergo a similar Order Produce, Five millions Three hundred and Fifty-two £-s-iS1>°l1- 6. if.

and Process. We apprehend therefore, that the Re- thousand and Thirty-two Pounds, Six Shillings, and

suit of our Inquiries for the Port of London, and the a Penny Halfpenny.

Information therein contained, may without Diffi- There are in this Account certain Ports where the culty, and to sufficient Effect, be applied to the Out Amount of the Duties collected did not equal the Ports. Sum of the Expence incurred: These are called Ne-

To regulate that Application nothing will be want- gative Ports. The Deficiency of the Receipt to

ing, but a due Regard to the Peculiarities arising answer the Charges at these Ports is supplied out of the from a Difference in the Quantity or Nature of the Collection at Productive Ports: This is done by Business transacted, the Number or Arrangement of Order of the Board; and the Mode in Use of traus-the Officers employed, and those various other Cir- mitting the Supply, is by a Draft on the Collector

cumstances, whether Commercial or Official, which Inwards of the Port of London, payable to the Col-

eminently distinguish the Port of London from all the lector of the deficient Port. These Imprests not Out Ports, and diversify the several Out Ports from being included in the Payments for Salaries and Inci-each other. _ dents for the Port of London, the Amount of them must, 1

However, that we might not neglect any Means of in order to give the real Net Produce, be deducted 1

Knowledge which could be obtained without Detriment from the Total Sum entered in the Column under

to the Public, at the Time when occupied in ,collecting that Title.

our Materials, we required of the Office of the Customs The Number of Ports, where the Payments ex- j

to direct such Out Port Officers as were accidentally in ceeded the Receipt, in the Year 1784, was Nine; the [

London to appear before us. Amount of those Payments, Four thousand and Fifty £.*050. s. !'

Vox.. 42. E Pounds,

14 i6° Januarii. A. 1787.

Pounds, Six Shillings, and Nine Pence Three Farthings; £. s>J5*»°J* * *} which, deducted from Five millions Three hundred and Fifty-two thousand and Thirty-two Pounds, Six £s»)47»»> Ji* Shillings, and a Penny Halfpenny, leaves Five millions Three hundred and Forty-seven thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-one Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Three Pence Three Farthings, the exact Net Produce of the Year.

Intent upon One Inquiry, namely, into the Expenditure for managing the Custom Revenue, we are at present led to the Column of " Salaries and Incidents" in this Account, and our Attention confined to the Articles comprehended therein. That Column includes, without Distinction, all Charges of Management paid out of the Custom Duties, at each Port, within the Year. The Sum set opposite to the Port-of London, contains the Salaries to the Patent Officers at the Out Poits paid by Dormant Warrants, and those to the Officers hi the Plantations paid by the Receiver General. These Payments at every Out Port, are for Services arising at the Port, except in the Case of Whitehaven, where a List of Officers of the Customs belonging to the of Man (which is not within the Department placed under the Commissioners of the Customs) are regularly paid their ^"Salaries, pursuant to a Treasury Warrant, out of the Produce of the Duties Collected at that Port. The £.*30,619.7.41. Total Amount of these Charges is Two hundred and Thirty thousand Six hundred and Nineteen Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Four Pence Halfpenny. The Article of Salaries and Incidents, thus blended in One Sum, is somewhat complicate, and needs to be explained. The Term of Salaries, in the Official Language of the Customs, is restricted to such as are paid upon the Establishment, or by Dormant Warrant; and those to the Incidental Officers, though regular and uniform like the former, are classed under the Denomination of Incidents; consequently, the Incidents are compounded of Two General Items — First, The Salaries to the Incidental Officers — Second, All the other Disbursements made out of this Revenue.

We have analyzed and stated the Particulars, and the Totals, of every Species of Payment to Officers in the Port of London, and at the Out Ports. It remained to obtain and investigate the other component Part of which the Incidental Expences in this Account are formed. To that End we required " An " Account of the Incidental Expences, exclusive of " tire Incidental Salaries, paid out of the Duties of the " Customs, by the Receiver General, in the Port of " London, for the Year 1784;" and, "An Account u of the Incidental Expences, exclusive of the Incidental Salaries, paid out of the Duties of the Customs, at the respective Out Ports, for the Year '* 1784." The Amount of these Incidental Expences, "N° 17. paid by the Receiver General, appears by the Return £ 9>7S7' 3- 7l- to be Nine thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds, Three Shillings, and Seven Pence Halfpenny. This Account is distributed under certain General Heads, whereby the various Articles, making up the above Sum of Expenditure, are ranged according to their specific Services, and the Expences severally incurred for them distinguished. These Heads consist of, Fees and Allowances for making up and passing the Accounts — Rent — Rates and Taxes — Pensions, and a. Variety of other Incidental Expences, brought into One Column.

The Authorities and Vouchers, by virtue of which all the Payments oitt of this Revenue are made and admitted, were the Subject of Examination in our 13th Report, which was peculiarly directed to the Mode of- passing and auditing the Accounts of the Customs, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest A Judgment upon the Propriety or Necessity of the Payments incident to the Management of the Cus-1

toms, and the Sanction thereof, must be confided to and rest with that Board, to whom the important Charge of conducting this Department is intrusted; and Reliance must be had upon their Wisdom and Integrity for the Discharge of that Trust in a Manner the most conducive to the Public Good — subject however, in common with all Offices, whether of Receipt or Expenditure, to the incessant superintending and controlling Power with which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are invested, and to the ultimate and supreme Interposition of Parliament.

We did not apprehend it to be within the Object of our Institution, to enter upon any minute Inquiry into the particular Items of which these and other similar Accounts of the Customs are composed. Where certain Articles, either from the Magnitude of the Sum, or the Title or Nature of the Service, excited our Attention, and appeared to require Explanation, to them we deemed it right to have a special Regard.

Observing the Entry of a Quarterly Payment of Six £.608. 16.6. hundred and Eight Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Six Pence, to William Speer and others,- for making up Accounts relating to the Customs, wc enquired into the Ground and Cause of that Charge; and from Mr. Speer we had the following Information. N* 18.

That Sum consists of various Payments, liable to the Shilling and Civil List Duties, made to several Persons: Seven of whom are Clerks in the Revenue Office in the Treasury. These Payments are the Annual Salaries of those Clerks, and were settled by a Minute of the Treasury in the Year 1776, which directed them to be charged upon the Duties of the Customs, though the Business for which they are a Recompence is not confined to that Office, but extends over the other Revenue Departments, relative to all which these Clerks are employed in making up Accounts for the Use of the Board of Treasury, and some of them to be presented to Parliament.

The single Article entered under the Head of Pension, is an Annual Allowance of Sixty Pounds, by special Order of the Board of Customs, for long and faithful Service, to an Officer who had the Misfortune to become insane. The Quarterly Payments to the principal Coal Meters, arise from an Allowance of One Halfpenny per Chaldron on all Coals imported into the Port of London, and are grounded upon the Certificate of the Collector of the Coal Duties, and paid pursuant to the Order of the Board of Customs.

At the End of this Account there is an Entry, consisting of Two Items, together Seven hundred and £.7*6. Twenty-six Pounds, which requires to be particularly explained. That Sum is the Amount of the Fees which used to be paid for the Audit of the Cash Account of the Customs. The Accounts of the Customs are made up Annually to the 5th of January inclusive. It has been the Practice of Office for the Receiver General to take Credit, on that Day, for the Fees which would become due to the Auditors of the Imprest, upon auditing the Cash Account of the Customs, and to retaiu that Sum in his Hands until the Account was finally audited. According to the usual Course, this Article was entered as a Payment, by the Receiver General, on the 5th of January 1785. Before the Cash Account could be got ready, and delivered into the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, a Change had taken Place in the System of passing the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; in consequence whereof, among other Regulations, it was enacted by the Legislature, that all Receipt of Fees, Gratuities, or Perquisites, in the Office where the Public Accounts are audited, should forthwith be abolished. This Sum therefore, of Seven hundred and £.7*6. Twenty-six Pounds, reserved in the Receiver General’s Hands for the Purpose of answering a Charge thus put an End to, will be carried back to the respective Branches from which it was taken, and the

Expenditure

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

*5

Expenditure of the Year 1784 will in Fact be diminished, and the Produce increased, to that Amount; though, according to the Mode of adjusting the Accounts in such Cases, the Re-payment will go in Augmentation of the Produce of that Year when it is ordered to be made.

N° 19. The Amount of the Incidental Expences, exclusive of the Incidental Salaries, paid out of the Custom Duties, at the respective Out Ports of England and £.17,496.11. iof Wales, for the Year 1784, was Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Ninety six Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Ten Pence Halfpenny. Each Port is kept distinct in the Account, and the Total Expence at each digested under a few general Heads; of which, Rent — Tradesmen’s Bills — Land Tax repaid — and Pettys, a Term including many trifling Charges, not reducible to any particular Class of Service, are the principal.

The Payments out of the Customs, in the Year 1784, for the Management of that Revenue, hitherto

N° 16. stated, are included in the Account of the Controller General, and they are all which that Account, though a general one, comprehends. Much is still wanting to render the State, not merely of the Expenditure, but also of the Receipt, of the Year complete. The Controller General has not a Knowledge of the Produce of Seizures, and from Fines, nor of the Charges defrayed out of that Fund: He takes Official Notice of neither. The Duties arising in the Plantations are within his Cognizance and Control; but no Part of the Receipt is contained in this Account, and only so much of the Expenditure relative thereto as is paid by the Receiver General in England.

The Management of the Customs in Scotland being conducted by a distinct Board, the Commissioners for England are wholly ignorant of the Charges attending that Collection, and know no more of the Duties received than what appears upon the Weekly Certificate of the Receiver General to have been remitted from thence. Such Part of the Produce of the Customs in Scotland, as passes into the Exchequer, is remitted by the Beceiver General for that Country to the Receiver General in England, and by him paid in; and of this Remittance the Controller General has Official Information from the Controller General for Scotland: But the Duties so transmitted are not inserted in this Account, which is confined to those collected in the Ports of England and Walts. The Controller General’s Account does not exhibit the Sum yielded through this Revenue to the State, and of which the Public did in Fact finally profit; that is, the Amount of the Customs paid into the Exchequer.

To supply these Deficiencies, and form as perfect a Statement for the Year as it was in our Power to procure, we issued Precepts for the following Returns: — " An Account of the Gross Sums arising from the " Produce of Seizures, and from Fines; together " with the Amount of the Charges of Condemnation " and Sale, and of the Shares of the Crown, and " Seizing Officers; and of the Payments out of the " Shares of the Crown for Charges of Management,

" and into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for " the Year 1784; distinguishing what Part of the said " Sums has been received and paid by the Receivers of " Fines and Forfeitures for London and the Out Ports,

" and by the Solicitors, respectively."

" An Account of the Gross Annual Salaries and " Allowances of the Officers of the Customs in the " Plantations, for the Year 1784; distinguishing the " Ports, and by what Authority the Officers are " severally appointed."

" An Account of the Gross Amount of the Duties " arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of " Management, and of the Net Produce thereof, for " the Year 1784; distinguishing the several Ports, and " the Charges paid by the Receiver General, from the " other Charges."

Vo l.42.

" An Account of the Total Sum paid by the Receiver Fifteenth " General of the Customs into the Receipt of His Report Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year 1784." Accounts

The Produce of Seizures, and from Fines, does not arise, and is not conducted, in the same Manner with the other Branches of the Custom Revenue. It is the Result, not of Duties collected upon Articles of Commerce, but of certain Provisions instituted by Law as a Punishment for having evaded the Payment of the legal Duties, or offended against, or neglected to comply with, some of the other Requisites enjoined by the Legislature.

These Provisions are directed either against the Offender, or the subject Matter of the Offence; and where terminating in the Payment of a Sum as a Penalty, Fine, or Composition, or in the Forfeiture of the Goods seized to be disposed of according to Law, thence is derived a Fund, which is the Subject of the Account we proceed to explain. N» 20.

We were made acquainted therewith by the Examination of Mr. John Bastin, annexed to our last Report, N° 41. and subjoined again to this, for the Sake of more easy Reference.

Where Goods which have been seized, and prosecuted to Condemnation, are sold, the Produce thereof submits to this uniform Course: — From the Gross Produce of the Sale, certain Charges, intituled, those of Condemnation and Sale, are first deducted. These Charges consist of the Payments to all the Officers employed in the Condemnation and Sale, and of the Poundages out of the Gross Produce of particular Species of Seizures to which certain Officers of the Customs are entitled.

The Poundages due to the Officers in on

Goods sold at an Out Port, are remitted to the Receiver for the Out Ports, taken Credit for by the Collector, and included in the Charges paid at the Port.

The above Deductions having been made, the Residue of the Gross Amount of the Sale is divided between the King and Seizing Officer, according to the Proportions directed by the Acts which regulate the Seizure. The Portion of this Division accruing to the Crown is called the King’s Net Share.

The King’s Net Share, arising in London, is paid by the Warehouse Keeper into the Hands of the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for London. That which arises at the Out Ports, is liable, in the Hands of the Collector at each Port, to the Charges of maintaining the Customhouse Cruizers, and to such other incidental Expences as the Commissioners of the Customs may think proper to order; and those Charges being satisfied, or such Sums retained as may be wanted to defray them, the Remainder of the King’s Net Share is remitted by the several Collectors to the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports.

The Sums thus remitted become a Fund in the Hands of this Receiver, applicable, in like Manner with that created in London, and in the Hands of the other Receiver, to various Charges of Management incurred on Account of the Customs in the Port of London.

Most of these Charges are, by the Orders of the Board, directed for Payment upon the Receiver for the Out Ports; and if that Officer has not a Sufficiency to answer the Demands, a Supply to him is ordered to be made by the Receiver for London; and in case his Fund should prove also insufficient, the Receiver General is, by a like Order, directed to imprest such Sums as are wanted by the Receiver for the Out Ports.

In the Year 1785, apparently from the Effect of the Act which directed condemned Spirits to be spilt, and of other Acts whereby Smuggling received a Check, the Funds in the Hands of the Two Receivers proved very deficient, and Sums to a considerable Amount

were

Ffp'nth

llf|" rt on 1'iiMic Account*.

£.6*,04»- * it £3 >.59*- >7- 6 J.

£ 7449- 19 9i

£ *!.993- 5- . 71-

£.i}6,j*. 16. a J.

jC- 69,9:5. 1*. io J.

£.16,651. *. 51. jC*49'7IJ- * »°i-

£-6,c$%. 6. 11.

16 26° Januarii. A. 1787.

were imprested, by the Receiver General, to the Re- and Eleven Pence; His Majesty’s Net Share, Four £-4*i*4* >* 7{. eeiver lor the Out Ports. The Sums paid l>y the-thousand One hundred and Eighty-four Pounds,

Collectors at the Out Peris, out of the Kind’s Net Twelve Shillings, and Seven Pence Halfpenny; the

Share of Seizures, are principally for the Maintenance Charges of Condemnation, Thirty-three Pounds, Ser

of Cruizers and Boats, and the Expences connected ven Shillings, and Six Pence; the Seizing Officer’s therewith. Part, One thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-five ,*®7$- e- 91-

That we might lie made acquainted with the Ser- Pounds, Six Shillings, and Nine Pence Halfpenny,

vices to which the Payments by the Receivers for The Gross Produce of Seizures in London, and at

London and the Oat Ports were severally applied, and the Out Ports, together with that from Fines, was with the Charges attendant upon those Services respect Two hundred and Four thousand Four hundred and £ 104»4S®- 1 tively, we required that the Total Sums paid by each Fifty-eight Pounds, Six Shillings, and One Penny;

Receiver should in the Account be decompounded, His Majesty’s Net Share thereof, was One hundred ,05,739‘ 9’'

and brought under general Heads. Thence it ap- and Five thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine j

pears. That in the Port of London, though the main- Pounds, Nine Shillings, and One Penny; and conse-

taining the Cruizing Vessels is one, yet it is by no questly the Total Charge incurred, was Ninety-eight £ $t‘7l%- *7-

Means the principal Article of Expence with which thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen Pounds, Se-

these Funds are charged, and that they are not limited venteen Shillings; of which Sum, Twenty-four thou- <C-m»ij4- «j-1-

to any One Service, but liable indiscriminately to dif- sand One hundred and Thirty-four Pounds, Fifteen

ferent Charges of Management. Such Part of the Shillings, and Eight Pence Halfpenny, was paid for

King’s Net Share of Seizures, as remains unexhausted the Charges of Condemnation and Sale, and Seventy- 74.5*4- > 3f-

by these Charges, is paid into the Exchequer by the four thousand Five hundred and Eighty-four Pounds,

Two Receivers for London and the Out Ports. One Shilling, and Three Pence Halfpenny, to the

The Produce of Fines, or Compositions upon Seizures, Officers who made the Seizures, is rarely subject to any Charges of Condemnation. The Payments for Charges of Management, made The Share thereof resulting to the Crow n is charged out of the King’s Net Share-of Seizures arising in the

with some regular Annual Allowances to Officers Port of London, amounted to Eleven thousand Six 11,69*. 17- 5

of the Customs, and some other trifling Expences; hundred and Ninety-two Pounds, Seventeen Shillings,

alter satisfying which, the Residue is paid into the and Five Pence; and the Sum paid into the Exchequer

Exchequer by the respective Solicitors of the Customs, to Nineteen thousand Nine hundred and Six Pounds, £. 19,906. — 1F

in whose Department it is to receive and account for and One Penny Three Farthings, this Produce. * Of the King’s Net Share produced at the Out

The Account we have thus explained, presents a Ports, Thirty - four thousand Four hundred and £ 34,43*- >*,0! complete View of the Rise and ultimate Disposal of Thirty - two Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Ten

that Branch of the Custom Revenue, both in London Pence Halfpenny, was expended in Charges of Ma-

and at the several Out Ports, which is derived from nagement at the several Ports; Twenty-three thou- £.*3*S7- 14-41-

Seizures and Fines. In so doing, it involves Two sand Two hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds, Four-

Subjects, each distinct in itself and kept apart in the teen Shillings, and Four Pence Halfpenny, in Charges

Statement, but both closely connected, inasmuch as out of Management for the Port of London; and Two *>s°°*

of the Determination of the one the other arises. thousand Five hundred Pounds was paid into the

The First consists of the Gross Produce of con- Exchequer, demned seized Goods, and from Fines; the Charges The Sum paid out of the King’s Net Share of paid out of that Produce; His Majesty’s Net Share; Fines, for Charges, was Two hundred and Seventy- £*7S- »3- 4-

and the Seizing Officer’s Part. The Second compre- five Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and 1’our Pence;

bends the King’s Net Share, produced by the above and into the Exchequer, Three thousand Five hull- £.3,555- ,6- *

Division; the Expences defrayed therefrom at each dred and Fifty-five Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and

Out Port; the Balance reserved by the Collector; Five Pence.

and the Part remitted to the Receiver for the Out The Amount of these Payments into the Exche-Ports; the Payments made by the Two Receivers of quer, by the Receivers and Solicitors of the Customs,

F’ines and Forfeitures, and the Solicitors, for Charges was Twenty-five thousand Nine hundred and Sixty- £.*5,961. 16. *!

of Management; and the Sums paid by them into one Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Six Pence Three

the Exchequer respectively. Thence it appears, that Farthings; of the Balances remaining in the Hands

the Gross Produce of Seizures in London, for the of the Collectors at the Out Ports, Nine thousand 7i-

Year 1784, was Sixty-two thousand and Forty-two Seven hundred and Sixty-five Pounds, Five Shillings,

Pounds, Two Shillings, and Eleven Pence Farthing; and Seven Pence Three Farthings; of that in the

His Majesty’s Net Share, Thirty-one thousand Five Hands of the Solicitor for London and the Western

hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds, Seventeen Shil- Ports, Three hundred and Fifty-three Pounds, Two * rollings, and Six Pence 1 hree Farthings; the Charges Shillings, and Ten Pence Halfpenny: Which Three

of Condemnation and Sale, Seven thousand Four Sums brought together, and making Thirty-six thou- £. 36,0*0.5. ' hundred and Forty-nine Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, sand and Eighty Pounds, Five Shillings, and One

and Nine Pence Farthing; the Seizing Officer’s Part, Penny, being subtracted from One hundred and Five 105,739- 9-

Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-three thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds,

Pounds, Five Shillings, and Seven Pence Farthing. Nine Shillings, and One Penny, the Total of the

The Gross Produce of Seizures at the Out Ports, King’s Net Share of Seizures and Fines in London and

was One hundred and Thirty-six thousand Three at the Out Ports, give Sixty-nine thousand Six hun- £.69,659. 4-

hundred and Twenty-two Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, dred and Fifty-nine Pounds, Four Shillings, the whole

and Two Pence Three Farthings; His Majesty’s Net Charges for Management defrayed out of that Share:

Share, Sixty-nine thousand Nine hundred and Fifty- And if thereto be added Ninety-eight thousand Seven £.98,7>* ,7>

five Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Ten Pence Three hundred and Eighteen Pounds, and Seventeen Shil- 1

Farthings; the Charges of Condemnation and Sale, lings, the Diminution to which the Gross Produce of

Sixteen thousand Six hundred and Fifty-one Pounds, Seizures and Fines was subject, it will be shewn that

Eight Shillings, and Five Pence Farthing; the Seiz- One hundred and Sixty-eight thousand Three hundred £ 163,37*- 1

ing Officer’s Part, Forty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds, and One Shilling, w'as the I

and Fifteen Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Ten Pence exact Sum paid by the Public, in the Year 1784, for j

Three Farthings. the various Services stated in the above Account.

the Gross Produce of Fines, in the same Year, was Six thousand and Ninety-three Pounds, Six Shillings, The Maintenance of the Vessels and Boats employed

in

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii: 17

in the Customs, forms nearly the sole Head of Expen- were employed in the Year 1784, and the Number of Fifteenth diture at the Out Ports, and a considerable one among Men belonging to them. One thousand and Forty-one. onep°uryic

those in the Port of London, to which the King’s Net Of the Persons who serve on board, the Commander, Accounts.

Share of Seizures is applied. the Chief and Second Mates, and, in some of the

As the Cruizers constitute a peculiar and extensive larger Vessels, One Mariner called a Deputed Mariner,

Branch of Service, and as many Persons are con- are Officers of the Customs, by virtue of a Com-cemed in the Conduct thereof who are Officers of mission from the Board. The Officers of the Cruizers the Customs, and were none of them included in the upon the Establishment are in general appointed by Lists of Officers returned to us, either for London or the Board, pursuant to Warrants from the Treasury,

the Out Ports, we deemed it proper to bring the The Officers of those upon Contract, are recommended

Cruizing Vessels, and the Expences attending them, by the Contractor, and appointed by the Board, into One collective View. We accordingly procured The Pay of the Master is Fifty Pounds a Year; of the " An Account of the Number of Cruizers employed Chief Mate, either Thirty-five or Thirty; and of each " in the Service of the Customs, for the Year 1784, of the rest of the Crew, Fifteen Pounds. The Allowance " with the Complement of Men belonging to each for Victualling is Nine Pence a Day to each Man on " Cruizer, at what Port stationed, the Amount of the board, and for Fire and Candle One Shilling each by the " Expence of each, and at what Port paid." Lunar Month.

N* 21,23. From that Account, and the Examination of Mr. The Total Expence for the Maintenance of these

N"24. Samuel Broun, Surveyor for Sloops, and of Mr. John Forty-four Cruizers is stated at Forty-four thousand £ 44.35s- :6. «. Bast in, we obtained a Knowledge of the most material Three hundred and Fifty-five Pounds, Sixteen Shil-Circumstances relating to this Subject. lings, and Eleven Pence: This Sum, however, does

The Cruizers belonging to the Customs are main- not accord with the Amount of the several Payments tained in Two different Modes; one upon the Esta- inserted in the Account of Seizures, and Fines, as blishment, the other by Contract. When upon the having been made out of the King’s Net Share of Establishment, the Vessel herself is the Property of Seizures, for this Service, in the Port of London, and the Crown, and all the Expences of every Kind, in- at the different Out Ports. The Reason of the Dif-curred by her, are paid Quarterly out of the Custom ference is, that the Surveyor for Sloops, in his Ac-Revenue, and by the Collector of the Port where she count, states the full Charge which each Vessel will is stationed, except in a single Instance of a Vessel stand at for the Year, every Circumstance and Article stationed at Feversham, and paid in London. of Cost included; and this he is enabled to do, either

There are Two Species of Contracts: In one of from the Bills already delivered into his Office (through them the Vessel is furnished by the Crown, and no which all Expenditure relative to the Cruizers passes)

Charge made for her Hire; but the Outfit, future or, where the Bills are not yet received, from Compu-Repairs, Wages, Victualling, and all other Expences, tations grounded upon his Knowledge of the Particu-are paid out of the Produce of her Seizures; and, lars by which the Expence can be ascertained. The after those Deductions, the Remainder, if any, is Accountant of Petty Receipts states only the Sums divided between the Crown and the Contractor. If, actually paid out of the King's Net Share, on this however, the Amount of her Seizures should prove Head of Service, at each Port, within the Year. The insufficient to defray those Expences, the Deficiency whole Charge incurred could not be brought into his is supplied by the Crown and Contractor, in equal Account. The established Cruizers create a regular Proportions. Annual Expence, and the Accounts respecting the m

In the other Kind of Contract, the Contractor pro- are transmitted to his. Office Quarterly from the Ports.

▼ides the Vessel, at the Rate of Four Shillings and The Accounts for those upon Contract are not re-Six Pence per Ton, per Lunar Month; for which ceived at fixed Periods; and, by the Terms of the Allowance he is bound to find the Outfit, and all Contract, where the Share of the Seizing Officer would

Repairs. This Payment for Hire, and all the re- legally only amount to a Third, the Difference be-

maining Charges incurred by the Vessel, are, in this tween that and a Moiety is made good to the Con-as in the former Contract, borne out of the Produce tractor (who appears to be considered as the same of her Seizures; and the Surplus divided, or the Person with the Seizing Officer) in order that his Failure made good, equally between the contracting Share may be rendered equal with the Share of the Parties. These Contracts are formed by a Minute of Crown. As the Division of the Produce of all Seizures the Board of Customs; and, when entered into, a is fixed by Law, a general Account must be made cut Letter is sent from the Board to the Collector and conformably to that Rule; but for each of these Con-Controller at the Port where the Vessel is to be tract Cruizers there is a Necessity of forming a Second stationed, specifying the Name of the Contractor, and and distinct Account, in which the Contractor having the Terms of the Contract, that is, the Hire (in case Credit for the Differences between the Thirds and the Vessel is upon Hire) the Number of Men, and the Moieties as above stated, and the Charges of the Allowance for Wages, Victualling, and other Charges. Cruizer being brought against her Produce, it finally It is the Duty of those Two Officers to see that the appears whether a Balance is due from the Crown to

Vessel is constantly cruizing, that she is kept in com- the Contractor, or from the Contractor to the Crown:

plete Repair, and in every Respect fit for the Service; And this Balance, when settled, is either carried to, that she has her full Complement of Men ou board, or paid out of, the King's Net Share, at the Port which they are ordered to certify upon the Back of where the Vessel is stationed, under a special Order of the Journals of the Mates and the Commanders of the Board. From these Circumstances, the Accounts Vessels; and, if the Mariners be short of the Number of the Contract Vessels are more dilatory, in their ulti-allowed by the Crown, they are to certify that Deduc- mate Adjustment and Liquidation, than those of the tions for the Wages and Victualling have been made Vessels upon the Establishment, accordingly.

At many of the Out Ports, the Collectors and Con- The Custom Duties collected in the Plantations, trollers, at the Port where the Vessel is stationed, are and the Charges attending the Management of that themselves, either jointly or separately, the Contractors. Collection, for the Year 1784, form the next and last In the Year under our Inquiry Twenty-four Cruizers Object to which we are led in the Prosecution of this were employed by Contract, and of them Sixteen w ere Line of Inquiry.

contracted for with those Two Officers together, or with From Two Accounts, returned pursuant to our N° 25, 26.

One of them. Precepts, and the Examinations of Mr. John Timothy N° 27.

From the Account we learn that Forty-four Cruizers Swainson, Plantation Clerk in the Office of the Secretary Vol. 42. F of

18 2 6° Januarii.A. 1787.

N»i8. of the Customs, and of Mr. Joshua Powell, Chief from every Channel of speedy Intercourse, Information,

Clerk to the Controller General, in whose Office the or Correction, relative to their Returns, we omitted,

Plantation Accounts are passed, we were supplied with as most adviseable, to include that Requisition in our the Information here requisite. Precept respecting the Plantation Officers.

N* *5. The Account of the Gross Annual Salaries, and The Number of the Officers employed in the Plan-Allowances of the Officers, contains all the Officers of tations for the Year 1784 (including those at the the Customs in the Plantations, during the Year 1784, Islands where the 4$ per Cent Duty is collected) was whether belonging to the West India Islands or to the One hundred and Thirty-five. The Total of the An-American Ports. It must therefore include the Officers nual Salaries due, out of the Custom Revenue, to the who conducted the Business of the Customs at the Officers for that Year, as stated in the above Account,

Islands subject to the Duty of 4{- 'per Cent, which are is Five thousand Two hundred and Seventy Pounds; £

Six; Barbadoes, Antigua, St. Christopher's, Montserrat, of the Incidental Allowances, in Sterling, One thou- £. i,oj*. *>.

Nevis, and Tortola. The Salaries and Allowances to sand and Fifty-two Pounds, Ten Shillings, and in the Officers, as well as all other Expences of every Currency, Five hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds. £ 59*-Kind, incurred on Account of the Customs, at those Some of the Salaries were not paid in that Year; the Islands, are, with one trifling regular Exception at Payment of them being stopped by Order of the Montserrat (an accidental Payment out of Seizures at Board, for Non-transmission of Accounts, or other the Port of St.John's, Antigua, occurring also in 1784) Causes, and the Attornies in England having in some paid, not out of the Receipt of that Revenue, but Instances neglected to apply for them. To get at either by the Collectors at the several Ports, or by the the exact Amount of the Payments actually made to Husband in England, out of the Produce of the 4 { per the Officers, and on all other Heads of Service, as well Cent. Duty. Hence it became necessary to distinguish as of the Total Produce of the Duties for the Year, and keep separate, in this Account, the Officers sta- Recourse must "be had to the other Account returned tioned at those Six Islands; because, not being a to us. That Account gives the Gross Receipt of the N* aft. Charge upon the Custom Duties, nor supported out of Duties arising in the Plantations (in which the King’s a Public Fund, they do not occasion that Species of Net Share of Seizures is also comprehended); the Expenditure to which our Investigations are specially Charges of Management for each Port, distinguishing directed: And, accordingly, our Examinations, and those paid at the Port, from those paid by the Re-

the consequent Matter stated, are not to be understood ceiver General in England; and the Net Produce for

as having had those Officers in View, though in many the Year 1784. The Incidental Allowances, paid in Respects applicable to them. Currency at the Ports, are here reduced into Sterling

The Officers in the Plantations are appointed by Money; and the Means of doing it is the Certificate the Commissioners of the Board of Customs, pursuant of the Governor of the Island, on the Accounts sent, to Treasury Warrants, except in a few Instances, enu- over by the Collector, ascertaining the Value of the mcrated at the Beginning of the Account, where the Currency for every Quarter.

Appointment to the Office is solely in the Board of The Islands and Provinces contained in this Account

Customs: They have Salaries, and Incidental Allow- are Sixteen; the Number of Ports Twenty-six. To. ances. In the Year 1784, the Salaries to all the these, in the Year 1785, Three more were added: Near Plantation Officers upon the Establishment were paid Brunswick, Port Roseway, and Cape Breton. in England by the Receiver General; but by a Re- At many of the Plantation Ports, the Receipt is.

gulation of the subsequent Year, the Collectors and unequal to the Expenditure; and in those Cases, the

Controllers only are to receive their Salaries in that Collector of the Port must either himself advance the Mode, and those to the inferior Officers are to be Money wanted to defray the Charges, or he must paid at the Port, unless the growing Receipt of Duties transmit a Certificate to the Board of the Deficiency, should be insufficient for that Purpose; in which in order that the Payment may be made in England:

Case, upon a Certificate thereof being transmitted by If he advances the Money, the Balance due to him is the Collector and Controller to the Board, an Order paid by the Receiver General, upon the Production for the Payment of them is to be made upon the of proper Vouchers and Receipts for the Sums charged Receiver General. To prevent a dilatory and irregular in his Account.

Transmission of the Accounts, according to a recent From this Account it appears, that the Gross Amount

Regulation none of the Collectors or Controllers in of the Custom Receipt in the Plantations was Five — I-

the Plantations are entitled to receive their Salaries, thousand Three hundred and Five Pounds, One Shil-

which are paid Half Yearly, until the Quarterly Ac- ling, and a Halfpenny; the Total of the Payments

counts of the Receipts and Disbursements for that for the several Ports then belonging to the Plantation

Half Year, at their respective Ports, have been sent Department, Five thousand Three hundred Pounds, £-s>t°°- *i- +*

over to the Board. The Incidental Allowances, which Thirteen Shillings, and Four Pence Farthing; and

are some of them made in Sterling Money, and some the Net Produce, after deducting the Charges at the

in the Currency of the Island, are Annual, and fixed deficient Ports, which were Sixteen in Number,

by the Board, to enable the Officers to provide them- Four Pounds Seven Shillings, and Eight Pence Far- £± r- *1-

selves with certain Articles necessary for the Service, thing.

and set opposite to the Sums entered in the Column There are, however, subjoined to the Account,

under that Title. These Allowances, as regulated in Arrears paid in this Year for Services which had ac-the Year 1785, are to be paid at the Port, provided crued at Three Ports, previous to their Cession by there be a Sufficiency of Receipt; and if not, the the last Treaty of Peace; these added, make the Total Failure is, in like Manner as in the Case of the Sala- of the Payments to be Six thousand One hundred and £ 6'1°6- J

ries, to be certified to the Board, and Payment by the Six Pounds, Three Shillings, and Four Pence; and,

Receiver General to be ordered. consequently, it exceeded the Receipt of the Year by The Officers in the Plantations take Fees, under the Eight hundred and One Pounds, Eight Shillings, and £ *01- Authority of various Acts of Parliament. Two Pence Three Farthings.

Apprized of the Difficulty, and nearly the Inoprac- Though the Duties received in the Plantations, if ticability, of obtaining, within a Period of Time, and compared with the Total Payment for Management to a Degree of Completeness and Accuracy suited to in the Year 1784, appear not only to have been ex-our End, the Amount of the Fees and Gratuities re- hausted, but deficient, yet, as will be seen by a sub-ceived by those Officers, many in Number, residing at sequent Account, the Receiver General paid a Sum Ports distant and dispersed, and precluded of Necessity the same Year into the Exchequer, on the Head of

2 the.

aj Geo. III. 26° Januarii. 19

the Plantations, nearly, equal to the Gross Receipt ' stated in this Account: An apparent Difference, requiring to be reconciled; and of which the Explanation is as follows:

The Account, of which we have been treating, is restricted to the actual Receipt and Payments of the Year. The Sum paid into the Exchequer by the Receiver General, arose from the Collection of former Years, either not remitted from the Plantations, or, if remitted, not converted into Cash till that Year; and from Duties collected and remitted that Year, but when in the Hands of the Receiver General, not applied to Charges of Management for the Service of the Plantations; it being the Practice to defray most of those Charges in England, not out of the Produce of the Plantation Duties, but out of that of the Customs collected in England.

We have thus procured and investigated the different Accounts essential to impart a complete Knowledge of the Charges incurred in the Management of the Custom Duties for the Year 1784.

That we may bring the Result of our Inquiries into a combined View, and exhibit, in One Sum, the whole Cost of conducting this Branch of the Public Revenue in that Year, we’proceed to recapitulate and blend the Totals stated in those respective Accounts.

The real Charge upon the Public, for the Payment of the Officers employed in the Office of the Customs and Port of London, as given in our last Report, was £ 'J- si* One hundred thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-' eight Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Five Pence Three

£.64,079. *.. — { Farthings; and upon Individuals, Sixty-four thousand and Seventy-nine Pounds, Eight Shillings, and One £ 164^68- 3. si- Halfpenny; together. One hundred and Sixty-four ! thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds, Three

Shillings, and Six Pence One Farthing.

I The red Charge upon the Public, for the Payment

of the Officers belonging to the Out Ports, we have ^.95,156.3. found to be Ninety-five thousand Two hundred and Fifty-six Pounds, Three Shillings, and Six Pence {. 51,711. ij. 6j. Three Farthings; and upon Individuals, Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-one Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Six Pence Three Farthings; £146,977.19. j£. together, One hundred and Forty-six thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and a Penny Hdfpenny. The Incidental Expences, exclusive of the Incidental Salaries paid by £9.757- j. 7{- the Receiver General, amounted to Nine thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds, Three Shillings, and Seven Pence Halfpenny: Those paid by 'I-» the Collectors at the Out Ports, to Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Ninety-six Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Ten Pence Half-penny. The Total Diminution of the Produce of Seizures and Fines, by Payments for Services, either out of the Gross Amount f. 168,37s. 1. or out of the King’s Net Share, was One hundred and Sixty-eight thousand Three hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds, One Shilling. The Sum paid in Charges of Management, on Account of the Custom £.6,106. 9.3!. Duties collected in the Plantations, was Six thousand One hundred and Six Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Three Pence One Farthing.

£.{13,6*4.8. j. These several Totals brought together give Five hundred and Thirteen thousand Six hundred and Eighty-four Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Five Pence: The Portion thereof paid out of the Revenue of the A397483.4.9$. Customs amounts to Three hundred and Ninety-seven thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-three Pounds, Four Shillings, and Nine Pence Three Farthings:

But from this Total must be deducted the Amount of the Poundages and Allowances to Officers out of the Gross Produce of Seizures, and also the Amount of the Salaries and Allowances to Officers out of the King’s Net Share of the Produce of Seizures; because Vox,. 42.

the Officers, in their Return to us of their Emolu- Fifteenth ments for the Year, charged themselves with those Report Sums; and in the Account of the Disbursements out 0,1 Pub, ic of those Two Funds, these Payments to Officers are Accounta-also taken Credit for.

To avoid the Error of double Charge, and render the Statement correct, we required the Account an- *'>’ annexed: Thence it appears that there was paid, in Allowances and Poundages to Officers, in London and at the Out Ports, outot the Gross Produce of Seizures,

Ten thousand One hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds, £ 10,189. «. 1$. Twelve Shillings, and a Penny Farthing; and in Salaries and Allowances to Officers in London, out of the King’s Net Share of the Produce of Seizures, Four £ 4.399- 5- si-thousand Three hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds,

Five Shillings, and Five Pence Three Farthings.

These Sums, together Fourteen thousand Five hun- £ >4,5*. >7- 7-dred and Eighty-eight Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Seven Pence, deducted from Three hundred and £ 397.883- 4- 9*. Ninety-seven thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-three Pounds, Four Shillings, and Nine Pence Three Farthings, leave Three hundred and Eighty-three £ 3*3.»94- 7- *i-thousand Two hundred and Ninety-four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Two Pence Three Farthings, the exact Total Charge borne by the Public: To which One hundred and Fifteen thousand Eight hundred £. 115,801.3. 7j. and One Pounds, Three Shillings, and Seven Pence Farthing, the Total of the Payments by Individuals, being added, there will result Four hundred and Ninety- £.499,095. jo. jo. nine thousand and Ninety-five Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Ten Pence; and in that Total, the Amount of the Fees and Gratuities received by the Officers in the Plantations is not included.

Such was the Expence induced by the Customs in the Year 1784.

What that Revenue contributed to the National Income, in the same Year, appears to be as follows:

The Receiver General paid into the Exchequer, on n° 30. Account of the Customs, in the Year 1784, Three millions Three hundred and Sixteen thousand One £ vi*>'Si 8. ji. hundred and Fifty-three Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Three Pence Three Farthings.

The Payments into the Exchequer, by the Receivers of Fines and Forfeitures for London and the Out Ports, and by the Solicitors of the Customs, were Twenty-five *5,961. 16.6} thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-one Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Six Pence Three Farthings.

There was also a Sum paid into the Exchequer that Year, by Mr. George Litchfield, the Solicitor for carrying on Criminal Prosecutions in the Customs, and recovering Debts due on Bonds. This Solicitor pays, N° 31. by Order of the Board of Customs, the Penalties recovered, either into the Exchequer, or into the Hands of the Receivers of Fines and Forfeitures; and the Debts recovered, by Order of the Court of Exchequer, or of that Board, into the Exchequer, into the Hands of the Receiver General, or of the Receivers of Fines and Forfeitures. The Return to our Requisition states N° 32. the Payment into the Exchequer, made by this Solicitor, in the Year 1784, to be One hundred and Fifty-five £.155.

Pounds.

These several Sums brought together make Three £ 3,34*»:*7* 4- »«{ millions Three hundred and Forty-two thousand Two hundred and Seventy Pounds, Four Shillings, and Ten Pence Halfpenny, the Total Produce of the Custom Revenue, which passed into the Public Treasure, and was ultimately availed of, in the Year

1784.

WE are enjoined, by the Acts which regulate our Proceedings, to report " An exact State of the Fees " or Gratuities paid or given in collecting, issuing,

expending.

Fifteenth Report on Pwlilic Accounts.

K° n.

20 26 Januarii. A- 1787.

" expending, and accounting for, the Public Monies, " and the Authority under which such Fees or Gratuities " are paid or received."

The Account of the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs at the Out Ports supplies us with a Knowledge of the Amount of the Fees and Gratuities taken, in the Year 1784, by those Officers respectively, and has enabled us to state the Total Sum received by them through those Modes of Payment.

That we might yield due Obedience to the Injunctions of the Legislature, a farther Inquiry became necessary; namely, into the several Fees and Gratuities which the Officers at the Out Ports claim or receive, and into the Authority under which such Fees and Gratuities are required or taken: — An Information not to be procured from the Account above referred to, nor from the Materials out of which it was raised.

The Fee differing essentially from the Gratuity, we shall make them each the Object of a distinct Examination.

Of the Rules subjoined to the Book of Rates, and annexed to the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, the Twenty-fourth ordains, " That no Officer, Clerk, or " other, belonging to any Custom House whatsoever, shall exact, require, or receive any other or " greater Fee, of any Merchant or other whatsoever,

" than such as are or shall be established by the Commons, in Parliament assembled: If any Officer or other shall offend contrary to this Order,

" he shall forfeit his Office and Place, and be for " ever after uncapable of any Office in the Customhouse."

Looking to this Regulation as our Guide, we deemed it, in the first Place, requisite to ascertain what Fees had been established by Parliament; and accordingly, when engaged in an Investigation of a similar kind, respecting the Port of , we issued

a Precept for " An Account of such Fees as the Offleers of the Customs are authorized to take, by " virtue of any Act of Parliament, and for what Business such Fees are payable."

To that Requisition, which was general, there were transmitted to us, besides the Returns for the Port of London, Four Tables of Fees referring solely to the Out Ports.

These Tables belong to the Ports of Bristol, Great Yarmouth, Kingston upon Hull, and Chester; and they were issued or confirmed by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, of the 17th of May 1662, or of the 11 th of April 1670.

We annexed these Tables to our last Report, concluding that they were the only existent Authorities of such a Description for Fees taken by the Out Port Officers: But from the Examination of Mr. John

Philipps Adams, the Collector of we learned,

that there was at that Port a Table with Words written at the Bottom of it, importing the Order of the House of Commons.

No Table for the Port of Milford having been returned, pursuant to our Precept, we directed a farther Research to be made in the Office of the Customs, to the End that if there did exist, for that or any other Port, Tables of Fees, founded upon Parliamentary Authority, and not already delivered to us, they might be produced, and none standing under that Sanction be omitted.

In Consequence of this renewed Inquiry, Four Tables, in Addition to those inserted in the Appendix to our last Report, have been discovered.

These Tables are for the Ports of Ipswich, Milford, Poole, and Sandwich. Thus it appears that there are Eight Out Ports, for which Tables of Fees and Allowances have been made, settled, or confirmed, under the Authority of the House of Commons: They are all Head Ports. The Tables, as the Title

prefixed to each indicates, were appointed and meant to be also in Force at the several Members and Creeks dependant upon these Head Ports respectively; though in the Case of Great Yannouth, notwithstanding that Title, there is subjoined a separate Table of Fees and Allowances due and payable in every of the Out Ports, Members of that Port; and this latter Table, in some Instances, differs materially from the former, both as to the Quantum and the Division of the Fee.

From the Examination of Mr. George Litchfield we ^0 collect, that besides the Fees thus authorized, there are also some Fees allowed and fixed by particular Acts of Parliament; but these are very few in Number, confined to certain Officers, to peculiar Ports, and to special Services enumerated in those Acts.

The Fees taken by the Officers of the Customs at the Out Ports and Creeks, in virtue of the Authority, either of the Tables above described, or of these specific Acts, appear to comprehend all such as have been established by the Commons in Parliament assembled, and, consequently, all which come under the Purview of the Rule cited at the Commencement of this Inquiry.

The Fees taken by the Officers, and not included in these Tables or Acts, seem to rest solely upon the Ground

of Usage.

By a Clause in the Act of Tonnage and Poundage,

" where the Goods exported or imported amount to " the Value of Five Pounds or more, the Customers " and Collectors, and all other His Majesty’s Officers " in the several Ports, shall take and receive such " Fees, and no other, as were taken in the Fourth " Year of the late King James, until such Time as the " said Fees shall be otherwise settled by Authority of " Parliament."

We made Application to the Office of the Customs respecting the Subject Matter of this Clause; but we could not find that there was any Table or Record in being of the Fees taken at the Period referred to.

These Parliamentary Tables are of ancient Date, assigned only to certain Ports; the Fees contained in them few, and affecting only the Patent Officers (except in the Case of Kingston upen Hull, where a Clerk is inserted): They were framed at a Time when the Business of the Customs, and the Extent of that Department, had little Resemblance to their actual State at this Day. It was therefore to be presumed, that the Statement of Fees hitherto obtained could not be complete. To possess ourselves of full Knowledge upon the Subject, we issued a Precept for " An Account of " all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the " Customs, including Patentees, Deputies, and Clerks,

" and all others, of every Description whatever, in the " Out Ports; distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer, such Fees " are paid, exclusive of Stamps."

The Returns to this last Requisition proved to be numerous and extensive.

We had it originally in Contemplation to annex to our Report all the Accounts of Fees transmitted from the Out Ports and Creeks, of whatever Description consisting, and upon whatever Authority grounded:

But, having examined and considered the Number,

Size, and Contents of these Accounts, we judged it expedient, upon mature Deliberation, to depart from that Plan, and, instead thereof, to subjoin only a certain Number of them, selected as Specimens. And whilst, by that Means, we avoid encumbering our Report with many voluminous and unwieldy Papers, serving to swell and delay the Execution of our Work, we do not, in our Apprehension, relinquish the Insertion of any Materials essentially necessary to the Conduct and Effect of the Inquiry.

Whatever Insight into the Subject of Fees, with a View to illustrate Truth, and justify Conclusion, could be given by the Production of all the Returns

made

h

ft

21

2j Geo. III. 2o° Januarii.

made for the Out Ports and Creeks (together One hun- by Law; and that it may be lawful for the Officer, died and Four) may, to very sufficient Purpose, be duly employed in the Execution of his Office, on any Communicated by those we have chosen. extraordinary Service not required by Law, to receive

In making this Selection we were governed by an such Recompence from the Merchants or other Per-obvious Principle: sons requiring his Attendance, as the Commissioners

The Ports lor which Tables have been established, of the Customs in the Port of London, and the Col-pursuant to the Order of the House of Commons, in- lector, Customer, and Controller in the Out Ports, or volve in themselves as Head Ports, or through their any Two of them respectively (by whom the Suf-dependant Members, the principal Places of Foreign ferance' is thought requisite to be granted)'shall deter-Commerce in the Kingdom. Accordingly we found mine.

combined in them Two Requisites, which to us ap- The characteristic Distinction between the Fee, and peared decisive as to this Matter of Choice — one, that the Gratuity, as authorized by the Legislature, is of their being the only Ports which have a Parliamen- hence apparent

tary Sanction and Rule for Fees — the other, their pos- The Fee is a Payment to the Officer for the Execu-sessing that Degree of Mercantile Importance, and tion of his Employment at legal Times and Places: The consequent Extent of Custom Business, which must Gratuity, a Compensation for extra Attendance; that is, of Necessity render them subject to the proportionally for Work done at Times or Places not legally required greater Influence of the Species of Payment under of him.

Discussion. In the Case of the former, the Business to be trans-

We have adopted the following Method in stating the Returns respecting Fees for these Eight Ports, and their Dependencies. We have inserted, ist. The Table ot Fees and Allowances authorized and signed by virtue of the Order of the House of Commons; 2d. The Account of the Fees usually taken at the Head Port; 3d. The Accounts of the Fees usually taken at the several Members and Creeks (if any) dependant upon the Head Port, entering the Members in Alphabetical Order, and the Creeks immediately after the Port of which they arc respectively a Part.

These various Accounts, as constituting together, in the present View, a distinct Subject of Inquiry holding to each Head Port, we have included in One Number under the Head Port.

11*34,35,36, The Eight Head Ports (which we have likewise 37>38>39> taken Alphabetically) Bristol, Chester, Hull, Ipswich, Milford, Book, Sandwich,'Yarmouth, comprehend in their Dependencies, Twenty-two Members, and Sixteen Creeks.

The Officers, in their Returns, having used indiscriminately the Title of Port, we have prefixed to each N*a. Account the proper Denomination, according to the List received from the Office of the Customs.

From an Examination and Comparison of these Documents, it may be seen how far the Parliamentary Tables do in Fact operate as Rules or Standards for the Fees received by the Officers at the Head Port, and at the dependant Members and Creeks, for which such Tables were severally appointed; and how far, from the Description of the Business and the Officers contained therein, they are capable of Application to the Commercial and Official Transactions of this Time.

From the same Examination it will also appear, in what Degree the Fee taken at the Head Port, upon the Ground of Usage, corresponds with that taken at the Dependencies thereupon; and, where there are different Members and Creeks dependant upon the same Head Port, what Similitude, as to the Payment by Fee, obtains throughout their Transactions.

Though, from the Motive above explained, wrc have bounded ourselves in annexing to our Report the Accounts of Fees, we did not fail to investigate generally those Returns. The Opinion which we have formed in consequence of that Investigation will hereafter be stated.

The Gratuity or Recompence received by the Officers of the Customs, under the Authority of Parliament, is taken pursuant to the 6th and 7th of William the Third, Chapter the 7th; which is regarded as the only legal Sanction for that Species of Emolument.

It is there Enacted, that, for the Accommodation of Trade, upon urgent Occasions the Officer may be permitted to work at Times and Places not required V 6 l.42.

acted, the Sum to be paid, the Officer or Officers to receive, and, in most Cases, the Division of that Sum, if it is to be divided, are specified and fixed. In that of the hitter, a certain Species of Reward, for a peculiar Description of Duty, is sanctioned; but the Service to be performed, the Quantum of Recompence to be made, and the Officer or Officers entitled, are left indefinite, and not particularized.

A general Right to the Officer of taking Compensation for extraordinary Duty is established, and that Allowance qualified and guarded, by referring the Degree of Reward to the Discretion of the Official Authority whence the Permission to execute the Service was, according to the proper Form, obtained.

That the Gratuity thus defined might be understood, it became necessary to know what are the Times and Places not required by Law.

This Information we received from William Stiles, Esquire.

The Times not required by Law’, are eitlter those out of the Hours prescribed for Official Attendance by the Rules annexed to the Book of Rates, or Holidays.

The Places not required by Law, are all those not being legal Quays.

The Hours of Business are settled thus by the 18th and 13th of those Rules; — " The Officers who sit " above in the Custom House of the Port of,

" shall attend the Service of their several Places from " Nine to Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon; " and One Officer, or One able Clerk shall attend " with the Book in the Afternoon, during such Time " as the Officers are appointed to wait at the Water- side, for the better deciding of all Controversies " that may happen concerning Merchants Warrants: " All other the Officers of the Out Ports shall attend " every Day in the Custom House of every respective " Port, for Dispatch of Merchants and Shippers, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock and Twelve in the Morning, and Two and Four of the Clock in the " Afternoon.

" The Merchants trading into the Port of London " have free Liberty to lade and unlade their Goods " at any of the lawful Keyes, and Places of shipping " and landing of Goods, between the Tower of " don and London Bridge; and between Sun-rising " and Sun-setting, from the 1’enth Day of Septpn})cr " to the Tenth Day of March; and between the Hours " of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Six of the " Clock in the Evening, from the Tenth Day of March

to the Tenth Day of September, giving Notice thereof " to the respective Officers appointed to attend the lading " and unlading of Goods."

This last Rule is confined to the Port of London; and we do not find in these Rules any Notice taken of the Hours of Attendance of the Waterside Officers at the Out Ports; but we learn, that, in Practice,

G - the

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N*4«.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N°43-

11

i6° Januarii.

A. 1787.

the Attendance of those Officers is similar to wdiat prevails among the same Description of Officers in the Port of London.

The Holidays Annually kept in the Customs are, as we learn from a List returned pursuant to our Requisition, Forty-five in Number. Thirty-one of them are established by the following Acts; the 5th and 6th of Eduard the Sixth, Chapter the 3d; the 3d of James the First, Chapter the 1st; the 12 th of Charles the Second, Chapters the 14th and 30th, and the 19th of Charles the Second, Chapter the 3d. The remaining Fourteen are customary; and the original Authority for their Observance could not be given us in the Information we received. It was stated that they do not appear to be founded upon any specific Acts of Parliament.

Thirty-eight of these Holidays are regular, and fixed to certain Days of the Month; Seven fluctuate, being determined by the Days on which they respectively happen to fall in the Course of the Year. Most of the Holidays, if occurring upon a , are not kept; some are.

The legal Quays, are those which have been set out and appointed by Commissions issued from the Court of Exchequer; and the Business transacted off these Quays, or, as it is termed, at illegal Places, is done under the Authority of a special Sufferance made out by the proper Officers in the Long Room, and signed by One Commissioner, in the Port of London; and granted and signed by the Collector and Controller, at an Out Port. The Execution of such Service, is committed to a Class of Officers called Waterside Officers.

The Recompences made to the Officers for their Attendance at Hours, upon Days, and at Places as above described, that is, such as do not come within the Course of the Duty regularly and legally exacted of them, constitute that Species of Payment denominated Recompence or Gratuity, and provided for by the Act of William the Third.

Having traced the Fee and Gratuity received by the Officers of the Customs through this Detail of Authority and Practice, we directed our Attention to another Circumstance connected with the Subject, and of Importance sufficient to claim much Regard — We mean, the Kind of Notice or Information held forth to the Merchant, or other Persons interested, of the exact and specific Sum to be paid to the Officer, for any and every Service which they may have Occasion to require of him, in the Transactions they are obliged to carry on with the Office of the Customs.

Upon consulting the Journals of the House of Commons, we find, that on the 28th Day of January 1715-16, it was resolved (nemi" That

" an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that " he will be graciously pleased to give the strictest " Orders to all Persons, in all Offices whatsoever, " claiming or taking any Fees upon Account of their " Offices, to set up, in some public Place of the said " Office (to which every Body may have Access) an " exact Table of all Fees due to them, or demanded " or taken by them; and that no Person whatever " shall take any more than their ancient, just, and legal " Fees, upon Pain of being prosecuted with the utmost " Severity."

The Pleasure of the Crown, upon the above Address, having been communicated by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs, a printed Instrument, dated August the 10th, 1716, was issued by the Commissioners of the Customs, wherein it is ordered, " That " in every Office, where ancient, just, and legal Fees " are due, demanded or taken, an exact Tabic thereof be forthwith written, in a fair legible Character,

" to be; signed by the proper Officer or Officers, and

" affixed in the most convenient Place in such Office,

" that Merchants and others concerned may easily " inspect the same."

The Order also prescribes a Title or Explanation to be prefixed to such Table, declaring that the Table contains all Fees demanded or taken in the Office; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, other than so specified, can be legally taken or' demanded, except a moderate Recompence for extraordinary Service, pursuant to the 6th and 7th of William the Third, Chapter the 7th. It is farther ordered, That in every Office where no Fee is due, a Paper containing a Declaration thereof be, in like Manner, set up for public View; and the Form of that Declaration is specified.

These general Orders of August the 10th, 1716, were enforced by a Resolution of the Board of Customs, dated April the 12th, 1776, whereby they are to be reprinted, to be set up publicly in the Offices at all the Ports, and the Officers are commanded to act in strict Conformity thereto.

That we might learn whether Observance was had of these Orders, and in a Mode calculated to effect the End proposed, we required " A List of the Out " Ports and Creeks, in the Office of the Customs,

" where Tables of Fees, taken by the Officers at such " respective Ports and Creeks, are hung up in any " Place or Office thereunto belonging; and distinguishing whether these Tables consist of the Fees authorized " by any Act of Parliament, or of all Fees usually " taken."

The Return to our Precept, and the Examination of Mr. John Dailey, afforded that Information. N* 45-

In this List all the Out Ports belonging to the Customs are entered, and those which have no Tables of Fees affixed are distinguished; but of the Creeks those only are inserted where Tables are set up.

It thence appears, that the Seventy-two Head or Member Ports (Leigh inclusive) have all, Three excepted, Tables affixed; and that of the Creeks, Thirty-two in Number, Eleven have them also affixed.

In regard to the Contents of these Tables, we collect the following Particulars.

The Fees, which the Tables severally affixed contain, are, with few Exceptions, confined to those taken by the Patent Officers; but at no Port, except at the One of Bristol, do we find that the Whole of the Fees taken by that Class of Officers are included, and rarely are the Fees to their Deputies at all enumerated.

At all the Ports for which Tables were framed or authorized by the Order of the House of Commons, those Tables are affixed, and at some of them, Tables of Fees of Usage are so likewise; but neither at the Ports of that Description, nor at the Ports where the Fees taken by the Officers stand wholly upon the Ground of Usage, are all the Fees paid at the Port to be found in the Table or Tables hung up. In general, a considerable Portion of them is not set forth; and, in some Instances, the Fee stated is not the Whole of the Sum received for the Instrument, Document, or Service specified. Upon comparing the Tables affixed at the Head Port, with those at the Members and Creeks dependant thereupon, the Sum of Fee entered as payable at the former, does not always correspond with that for a similar Business, to the same Species of Officer, at the latter.

The Coast Fees, inserted in these Tables, differ very considerably at different Ports.

At the Out Ports, in like Manner as in the Port of London, the Recom pences made by the Merchants to the Officers, for extraordinary Work, are frequently, by Agreement or Custom, brought to a Kind of Rate, fixing tire Sum for the Service required; but the Entry thereof in any of these Tables is very rare.

3 As

a? Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

As Exemplification may render the Inquiry we have been prosecuting, and the actual State of the Subject, more intelligible, we have inserted in our Appendix,

N* 46, 47, Copies of the Tables hung up at the Ports of Bristol, 48> 49* Liverpool, Hull, and Yarmouth, singled out upon the same Principle which we have before had Occasion to adopt, the Magnitude of the Commerce of the Port.

A Comparison of these Tables, with the Tables of Fees appointed for those Ports by the House of Commons, and with the List of Fees returned as usually taken at them respectively, will at once connect and embrace the Three Objects whifch form the Basis and Substance of this Investigation — that is, the Parliamentary Authority — the Usage — and the public Communication given to the Person who is to pay, of the Sum to be paid.

In the Port of London, the only Tables of Fees affixed, are in the Offices of such Patent Officers as are included in the Table established by the Order of the House of Commons of ifi(>2, and in the Office of the Secretary. The former consist alone of the Fees taken by those Patent Officers, and not of the Fees to their Deputies and Clerks. The latter comprehends all Fees taken in that Offiue, but not the Gratuities.

That Clause erf the general Orders of August the loth, 1716, which directs, that in every Office, where no Fee is due, a Paper declaratory thereof shall be set up for public View, is not carried into Execution in the Port of London; nor, from the Information we were able to collect, does it is appear to be observed at the Out Ports and Creeks of the Customs; though the Course of our Examination prodheed One Instance of a Compliance therewith, which takes Place in the Collector’s Office at the Port of Liverpool.

The Merchants, and other Persons who carry on the Commerce of the Country, being materially affected by the Fee and Gratuity paid to the Officers of the Customs, and by the Circumstances attending those Payments, we regarded it as a Measure of Propriety to consult their Experience, before we formed any final Opinion in respect to the Subject.

Upon Inquiry wc learned, that it is common for Merchants to employ Agents or Brokers to pass through the Office of the Customs their Transactions with that Revenue: And, therefore, as Persons of this Descriptions, by acting occasionally for Merchants of all Denominations, are in Situations to acquire a thorough practical Knowledge of every Branch of the Business, we thought that in having Recourse to them, wc should use a compendious and effectual Method of obtaining the Information wanted.

50- With this View wc examined Mr. Thomas Hubbert, Ship Broker, and Owner of Ships; Mr. William Walter Vine]/, an Agent; and Mr. Thomas Coles, a Broker for Merchants.

The Substance of their several Examinations brought together (which, it is to be remembered, had immediate Reference to the Port of London)- is principally as follows.

The Fee paid to the Officer, for Business done at Times or Places required by Law, is in some Cases found to be a fixed customary Sum; in others, it is not certain, but varying, and then it is a Source of frequent Dispute, and causes Vexation and Loss to the Merchant.

The Fee for the same Transaction, to the same Officer, has, within Memory, in various Instances been observed to increase.

Persons conversant in the Office of the Customs, and knowing the exact Fee for every Species of Service, are, by their Experience, guarded against the Danger of Overcharge: But Strangers, or Persons not much acquainted therewith (no Tables of Fees, except in regard to certain Officers, being affixed) do Vol. 42.

not appear to have the same Security; and many Cases, Fifteenth in which they have suffered thereby, are known to have Report

OccUrred. Accounts

In some particular Parts of the Business, much is "

left to the Discretion*of the Officer: There the Variation of the Fee may be prejudicial to the Revenue.

Dispatch, more than could be had in the ordinary Course, is sometimes procured by Fee.

The Fee is not proportional to the Value of the respective Subjects upon which it is paid; and that Circumstance tends to the Discourag merit of Commerce.

The Recompeoce to the Officer, for Work done at Times and Places not required by Law, is in Practice frequently reduced to a certain Sum; where it is indeterminate, numerous inconveniences may arise.

The Hours for the Attendance of the Officers in the'

Long Room, as settled by the Rules annexed to the o k of Rates, that is, from Nine o’Clock to Twelve, do not appear to suffice.

That Four Hours would be sufficient for them to attend, is a Matter in which Opinions concur. From Nine to One, or from Ten to Two o’Clock, are suggested as the most convenient Arrangement of the Hours.

The former Disposition, it is stated, would be preferable in regard to the Export Trade, as allowing more Time for shipping Goods early, and being a Means of preventing the Confusion and bad Consequences occasioned by late Shipping.

It is represented, that the punctual Attendance of the Long Room Officers, at the Hour prescribed by Law for the Commencement of Business (which is not the present Usage, as they are not all constantly in their respective Seats till near Eleven o’Clock) would be advantageous to Trade; and that the Absence of the Searchers from their Office from One o’Cioek till Half past Three, during which Interval the whole Export Business is at a Stand, is productive of great Inconvenience.

The frequent Occurrence of Holidays, in the Department of the Customs, is considered as very detrimental to Commerce.

The Business at the Waterside, and on Shipboard, may, with an Exception adduced respecting the Searchers, proceed upon Holidays, previous Permission (which is confined mostly to perishable Articles and special Cases) being granted by the Commissioners, and a Recompeoce being made to the Officers appointed to attend: But the Import and Export Business, as far as dependant upon the Department of the Long Room, wholly stops upon a Holiday.

In the Long Room, the Ship is reported, the Entry of the Goods Inwards and Outwards made, the Duties computed and paid, the Clearance of Ships Outwards perfected, and most of the Formalities essential to the making out and passing Debentures, so as to complete them for payment, conducted.

These are some of the principal and most important Transactions which concern the Merchant in the Office of the Customs; and Interruptions in the Course of them are extremely injurious.

The Force of such Evils is greatly augmented when Holidays happen to fall upon succeeding days, or recur nearly to each other, especially if at Periods when the Bulk of the Commerce, either in Fleets or by single Ships, is arriving or departing. The Cargo of the Ship, and the Object of the Voyage, may be very materially affected by the Delay arising from Holidays.

There are different Parts of the Custom Business where the Excise Office has an Interference, and the Presence of the Excise Officer is necessary.

The Holidays in this latter Department occurring (as it is stated) oftener than those observed in the former, the Transactions of the Customs are in such Cases impeded.

The

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

24

26° Januarii. A. 1787.

The Frequency of Holidays may be very detrimental to the Revenue, as well as the Merchant, by extending the Time limited by Law for the Ship to report, after she has passed , and by occa-

sioning Delay in Loading or Unloading of Ships: Whence greater Opportunities for illicit Practices are afforded.

HAVING pursued these Inquiries to the Extent which we deem may suffice, we proceed to fulfil the remaining Part of the Duty enjoined us by the legislature — That of reporting such Matter of Observation and Regulation as has arisen out of them, and may, in our judgment, be the most effectual means of rendering our Labours beneficial to the Public.

From the Nature, Compass, and Variety of the Objects comprehended in, or connected with, the Office which we have had under Investigation, we found it necessary to conduct our Researches upon Views large and general.

Had we not established that Principle of Guidance and Boundary, we might well have been led into a Field of Detail inconsistent with the Term, and unsuitable to the Purport, of our Institution.

Our Aim has been to establish, upon good Foundation, the main and predominant Parts of the System; trusting, that if they be well arranged, and soundly constituted, it will not be a Matter of Difficulty, or beyond the ordinary Powers of the Office itself, to regulate, conformably, those which stand in a subordinate Place.

In prosecuting our Work thus directed, there are Two Ends which we regard as supreme, and to the Accomplishment of which we have unremittingly bent our Attention.

1st. The Reduction of the Expence to the Public for the Management of this Revenue.

2d. The Introduction of a more simple, regular, and accordant System into the Internal Frame of the Office.

Some of the Suggestions we shall offer are confined to the Out Ports of the Customs; the more immediate Subject of this Report: Others embrace, indiscriminately, the whole of the Department.

Duties or Taxes levied upon the Subject should vigilantly and religiously be guarded from all unnecessary Diminution in passing to their final Object, the Service of the State.

The Public have a Right to a full Equivalent for every Charge incurred, or Payment made, upon Public Account; and, consequently, no Officer or Agent whatever ought to be tolerated, who docs not earn, by an adequate Return, the Stipend he receives.

These Truths, in their Nature sacred and incontrovertible, rendered here, if capable of being so, more forcible by the actual Necessities of this Country, apply in great Strength to a considerable Class of the Officers of the Customs belonging to the Out Ports. The Patent Officers are alluded to.

It has been stated in the early Part of this Report, that the distinguishing Character of an Out Port depends materially upon the Jurisdiction of the Three Patent Officers, the Customer, the Controller, and Searcher.

How far those Officers, Sixty-three in Number, did any Way contribute to the Conduct or Advantage of this Revenue in the Year 1784, and therefore what Benefit. accrued back to the Public for the Emoluments conferred upon them, is apparent from the Account returned pursuant to our Requisition. Ten only of these Officers discharged themselves tire Duties of their several Employments in that Year.

So many Offices converted into Sinecures, and that in a Department, from the Extent of Transaction and Load of Expence inseparable from it, little adapted to maintain* idle and unprofitable Members, appeared to us to be a Burthen upon the Revenue, and a Loss to the Public, demanding speedy and effectual Remedy.

That we might be able to judge whether there existed any Ground of Necessity or Expedience for farther Submission to this Evil, or in what Mode and Degree Relief might safely be applied, it became necessary for us to acquire some general Knowledge of the Origin and constituent Qualities of these Offices.

William Utiles, Esquire, supplied us with that Information.

The Customer, the Controller, and the Searcher, were the Three Officers of the Crown, by whom the Business of the Customs anciently, and from the Rise thereof, was conducted.

The Customer (styled also in the old Acts of Parliament Collector, and still so in his Patent) was the principal Officer for carrying on and superintending the Transactions appertaining to this Revenue, lie collected the Custom Duties, paid them into the Exchequer, accounted for them upon Oath, and yielded Accounts to the Exchequer relative to all the Foreign and Coast Commerce of the Realm.

The Office of Controller was coeval with the one of Customer. His Province was to attend, check, and controul this last Officer in the Execution of every Part of the Service entrusted to his Care.

The Searcher, who was the Third ancient Officer, had, at his Institution, the Duty assigned him of searching and examining all Goods and Merchandize, whether imported into, or exported from, the Country.

When the Customs were put in Farm, the Farmers employed their own Officers in the Collection of the Duties. The Customer, thus relieved of that Branch of his former Duty, remained, as is apprehended, for the Purpose of yielding the Accounts above-mentioned into the Exchequer, and likewise for that of conducting the Coast Business; in which the Farmers, there being at that time no Coast Duties, had not any Concern.

In the Year 1671, the Customs underwent a material Change, that of their being placed under the Management and Direction of Commissioners; the Form in which the Office now subsists.

At this Period, the Collector, originally the Officer of the Fanner, was adopted and constituted an Officer of the Crowm; and, accordingly, Collectors were, pursuant to Treasury Warrants, appointed by the Board of Customs at all the Ports, as the Terms for which the several Farms had been granted, respectively expired.

To the Collector, an Office by this Means gradually introduced and extended over the whole Department, was committed the Trust of receiving all the Custom Duties, of remitting them to the Receiver General, and accounting for them with the Controller General; and likewise, in Conjunction with his Controller, the general Conduct and Superintendance of the whole Business of this Revenue at his respective Port. The Office of Customer was, however, preserved, and has been suffered to continue to this Day.

The principal Duty left to that Officer at present, regards the Coast Busines; the Documents and Instruments relative to which, he generally makes out, and always signs. The Return of Quarter Books to the Office of the Customs, and the Transmission of Port Books and of the Coast Bonds to the Exchequer, are also Branches of his Employment still remaining.

In respect to the Coast Transactions at an Out Port, however in Form they may originate with the Customer,

K*.

27 Geo. Ill-

26° januarii.

25

tome#', and be carried on by him jointly with the Con- The Examination of Mr. Anthony Palmer Collings, troller, yet the Collector, by Examination, Signature, or Deputy Customer Outwards at the Port of af-

R*53-

N*5+-

N* 55-

whatever may be the Official Act or Formality, bears his Share also in the Conduct of the Business, and is held, equally with those Two Officers, to partake in all Responsibility annexed.

What Returns were made to the Customs from the Offices of Customer at the Out Ports, in the Year 1784, we were made acquainted with by Two Accounts transmitted pursuant to our Precepts — the one, " An Account of the Names of the Patent Customers " and Patent Controllers at the several Out Ports, " who made Returns to the Surveyor of the Out " Ports in the Year 1784; and of those Out Ports " from whence no such Returns were made either by " the Patent or Deputy Customer " — the other, " A List of the Deputy Customers at the several Out " Ports, who made Returns to the Surveyor of the Out

forded us the Means of observing the Utility of the Office of Customer, at a Port where that Officer takes as material a Concern in the Conduct of this Revenue as is likely in any Instance to occur. But in that Detail we find no solid and weighty Reason for the Preservation, or Impediment to the Discontinuance, of the Office of Customer.

Some few Parts of the Coast Transactions excepted, the Collector participates essentially in all the Business executed by the Customer at that Port.

The Branches now peculiarly allotted to this last Officer, in Exclusion of the former, may with Facility, and ought in Propriety, to be translated to the Department of the Collector: His Execution or Superintendance of the Custom Business at the Out Ports should be rendered universal, and not be thus broken

Ports in the Year 1784; distinguishing those who are in upon by the Interference of the Customer, in useless

" Collectors."

The Use of those Returns, when made, we learned from the Examination of Mr. Edward Dew, the Deputy Surveyor of the Out Ports.

Two Patent Customers alone returned Quarter Books into the Office, in the Year 1784. From Thirty-six Ports no Returns were made, either by the Patent or Deputy Customer. At many Ports the Collectors are the Deputy Customers; and if Quarter Books are transmitted by them in both Capacities, they are but Duplicates or Transcripts of the same Account. Thirty-five Deputy Customers made Returns in this Year, and Twenty-eight were also Collectors at

Repetition of a Duty performed by, or to a Deprivation of that Business which ought to belong to, the Collector.

If at the Port of Bristol, or any other Port, from the extraordinary Quantity of Coast Business, this Transfer may throw too great a Load upon the Collector, Assistance in those Instances, which, if occurring, must be rare, may be provided, for the Purpose of conducting, in' his Office, that Branch of Duty.

From this Inquiry we think ourselves warranted in an Opinion, that, however in very remote and early Times the Office of Customer might have been necessary or beneficial to the Revenue of the Customs, no such Plea for the Continuance of that Office can be adduced

of that Number their respective Ports.

The material Fact, the Efficacy or Application of those at this Day. It is wholly useless — ought, in Consistency, Accounts, if received, proved to be thus: to have been suppressed upon the Change introduced into

The Quarter Books sent up, either by the Patent or the Customs, by the Appointment of Collectors, subse-Deputy Customers,' claim no Kind of Attention. The quest to the Year 1671 — and has been permitted to exist Surveyor of the Out Ports, relying upon those of the too long by above a Century.

Patent or Deputy Controllers, which are returned The Office of Controller does not stand in a Predi-Quarterly from every Port by the Officer who acts in cament any way analogous.

that Office, heeds not the Quarter Books sent up from the Office of the Customer. These last, deemed of no Import or Utility, without Regard, without Examination, are tied up, laid aside, and deposited in the Office.

The Observance yielded by the Patent Officers at the Out Ports to the Orders of the 7th of Queen Elizabeth, for the Return of the Port Books into the Ex-

The original Duty of the Controller was, to be a constant Check and Controul upon the Customer; anrf as far as any Service remains to this Officer, he is so still: But the Collector having been constituted, at every Out Port, the principal Officer, and invested with the Trust of executing the most essential Branches, and superintending the Whole of the Custom Business, it became necessary to extend the Duty of the Con-

chequer, we found in our last Report, by the Exami- troller, so as to render the really active Officer the Object nation of Mr. Edward Taylor, and the Account we of it.

14th Report

N* ,5°> *5required of the King’s Remembrancer, to be equally defective, irregular, and uncertain; and the Returns alike disregarded, and unproductive of Benefit.

The above Books and Accounts, therefore, when returned by the Customer, and whether into the Office of the Customs, or into the Court of Exchequer, seem to us to answer no other End than that of inconveniently augmenting the Number of useless and neglected Records, to the evident Waste of Official Time, Labour, and Pay. ' *

The Coast Bonds must, at the Time of their being

Accordingly, to the Controller, upon his Appointment, if he acts, if not, to his Deputy, there is, by Order of the Board of Customs, transmitted a Copy of the Collector’s Instructions; and that is the Method used of making known to this Officer his Official Duty.

The Controller, the Second Officer in Rank at the Port, is to have Know ledge of, Concern in, and joint Responsibility for the Execution of, every Part and Branch of the Duty committed to the Collector; consequently, the Office of Controller is essential: But it no way conduces to the Good of this Revenue, and is

taken by the Customer, be approved of by the Col- utterly repugnant to the Maxims w e have adopted as just

and wholesome by the Public, that this Office should, in most Instances, consist of Tw o component Parts, the one a Sinecure, unacquainted with, interfering not in, having no Solicitude about, the Duty, but reaping by far the greater Portion of the Emolument; the other a Substitute, deputed by the Principal to sustain the Labour and Conduct, and to produce all the Effect of the Office, upon an Allotment of Provision comparatively bare and scanty. While, therefore, we see the Necessity of preserving the Office of Controller, we judge the Abolition of the fruitless Part thereof to be a Regulation expedient and indispensable. The Office of Patent Controller in the Out Ports should, in our Opinion, be suppressed.

H The

lector and Controllor; and the Approbation of that Officer, and of the Controller, is to be signified by their being both Witnesses thereto. These Bonds, either certified or uncertified, are to be returned into the Exchequer at.certain Periods; and a List of them is at the same Time to be sent up, which it is the Duty of the Collector to examine and sign, as well as the Patent Officers; and similar Lists, in like Manner examined and signed, are to be transmitted, one to the Board of Customs, the other to the Solicitor for Coast Bonds.

The Whole of this Service may, it is plain, rest with the Collector and Controller, and the Interference of the Customer therein be relinquished.

Vol. 42.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N* 8.

1

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N° 6.

'N° 5e.

26 26° Januarii. A. 17S7.

The Office of Searcher is, like that of Controller* entered in the First Class, because every Charge occa-important and necessary. The Duty annexed to this sioned by that Office must end with it. The remaining Office has undergone a material Change since its first Eight, either Controllers or Searchers, arc not placed Institution. By the Appointment of separate and dis- in the Second Class, for this Reason, that, in any Mode tinct Classes of Officers to conduct the Inward Service, of Arrangement, Provision for the Discharge of that the Searcher has been relieved of One Division of the Duty must be made.

Business which anciently appertained to him, and The Office of Customer at the Out Ports, in the Exports alone form the Object of his present Duty. Year 1784, cost the Crown, in Salaries and Allowances

The great Outline of that Duty is, to search and to Principals and Deputies, One thousand Three hun- £. s- 10. examine all Goods and Merchandize exported; to dred and Fifty-one Pounds, Three Shillings, and Ten compare the Description and Particulars of the Ar- Pence; the Subject, in the Payment of Fees and Gra-ticles with the Endorsements made by the Exporter on tuitics, Thirteen thousand Two hundred and Thirty-six £. 13.136. 17.7, hisCocket; to see that they are exact and correspondent, Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Seven Pence; toge-and that the Quantity, Quality, Number, Weight, or ther, Fourteen thousand Five hundred and Eighty-eight £ i+,5*8- s-or whatever may be the material Requisites, are truly Pounds, One Shilling, and Five Pence. The Sum paid and accurately expressed. Where Goods so exported by these Officers in Taxes was Three hundred and £ 3s1- 5* * are of a Species entitled to Bounty Or Drawback, it is Fifty-one Pounds, Five Shillings, and Eight Pence, upon the Certificate of this Officer, testifying those The Net Charge upon the Public was Fourteen thou- £. i4,»i6. 15.9. specific Circumstauces of the Article which give the sand Two hundred and Thirty-six Pounds, Fifteen Rule for ascertaining the Quantum of Payment due to Shillings, and Nine Pence.

the Exporter, that the Bounty or Drawback is by The Salaries to the Patent Controllers and Search-Law payable — A Trust visibly pregnant with most ers, who did not act, and to the Four Patent King’s

important Consequences to the Country, when the Waiters at the Port of Bristol, amounted to Six hun- £(>$% 15. a.

heavy Annual Sum paid or drawn back out of this dred and Fifty-five Pounds, Fifteen Shillings and

Revenue, and the Frauds and evil Practices to which Two Pence; the Fees and Gratuities received by

these Species of Transactions arc subject, are duly them, to Eight thousand Four hundred and Thirty- £ 8,434- 5- *

reflected upon. four Pounds, Five Shillings, and Two Pence; toge-

The Office of Searcher, therefore, it is requisite should ther. Nine thousand and Ninety Pounds, and Four £. 9>09o. remain; but, labouring, for the most Part, under a Pence. They paid back in Taxes Two hundred and £.%\o. 7. u{. similar Defect with that which obtains in the Office of Ten Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Eleven Pence

Controller, namely, a Principal who does not act, and Halfpenny. The Net Charge they occasioned to the

serves but to burthen the Revenue, it demands a similar Public was, Eight thousand Eight hundred and Se- £.*,879. *. 4{.

Remedy — the Discontinuance of that useless and expen- venly-nine Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Four Pence

sive Member, and the Translation of the Appointment Halfpenny.

and Trust to an efficient Officer, conducting the Whole The Total Payment by the Crown to these several of the Business, receiving all the Emolument derived Officers, in the Year 1784, was Two thousand and Six £. i/x>s. 1*

from the Employment. The Office of Patent Searcher Pounds, Nineteen Shillings; by the Subject, Twenty- ». *

in the Out Ports, should likewise, in our Opinion, be one thousand Six hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds,

discontinued. Two Shillings, and Nine Pence; together, Twenty- £.*3,67*. 1.

That it may appear what Charge is entailed upon the three thousand Six hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds,

Public for maintaining Officers, whom we have, upon One Shilling, and Nine Pence; the Amount of Taxes,

what we deem solid and indisputable Ground, judged Five hundred and Sixty-one Pounds, Thirteen Shil- £. 561. ij. 7*.

unnecessary, and what Saving will accrue from their lings, and Seven Pence Half-penny; which, deducted

Abolition, we have extracted from the Account of the from Twenty-three thousand Six hundred and Seventy- £.,3,67*. 1. 9.

Emoluments of the Out Port Officers, the Sums which eight Pounds, One Shilling, and Nine Pence, leaves

the Patent Customers, Controllers, and Searchers, re- Twenty-three thousand One hundred and Sixteen «& s. i{.

ceived of the Crown and Subject, in the Year 1784; Pounds, Eight Shillings, and One Penny Halfpenny,

and also the Payments back to the Public in Taxes, the real Charge induced by them upon the Public.

by these Officers respectively, in that Year: But the The Light in which we have hitherto considered

Regulation proposed in respect to these Three Offices, the Existence and State of the Patent Offices of tho

being of Tw o Kinds, distinct in Tendency and Degree, Customs at the Out Ports, and in Subservience to

we have arranged the Officers in Two Classes, con- which we have recommended their Abolition, has

formable to that Distinction. been one purely (Economical: But, impressed as we

The First comprehends the Office of Customer, where are with a Sense of the cogent Necessity of intro-it is expedient the whole Office should be suppressed; ducing all practicable Frugality into the Administra-and therefore in that Statement we have also included, tion of the Finances of this Kingdom, there is still as a Charge which will terminate with the Office, the another Species of Benefit connected with the above Emoluments received by the several Deputies of the Reform, not less entitled, in our Judgment, to Esti-Customers, wherever consisting of Salaries from the mation.

Crow n or of Payments by the Subject. An Appointment to a Patent Office at an Out Port,

The Second Class contains the Patent Controllers it has been shewn, conveys an Official Jurisdiction to and Patent Searchers; and the Emoluments to their that Officer, in respect of his Office, over all the Mem-Deputies are omitted, because the Regulation reaches bers and Creeks dependant upon the Head Port, as well no farther than the Sinecure Branch of each Office, as over the Head Port itself.

The useful Part thereof must be preserved, and the By the ancient Acts of Parliament, the Customers,

Expence of a proper Support for the Execution of Controllers, and Searchers were to be continually resi-these Offices, however modelled, will remain upon the dent and abiding upon their Offices.

Public. In this Class are also inserted the Four In those Days (he Ports might be few in Number,

Patent King’s Waiters at the Port of Bristol, as being and confined to Head Ports; and thence an Obe-

Officers who do not act, but execute their Offices by dience to these Injunctions, in their fullest Sense, might

Deputy. have been practicable. At present the Head Ports

We have not been inattentive to this Circumstance, are Twenty: and the Member Ports and Creeks, to-that in the Return there are Ten Patent Officers who gether, Eighly-four. Should there Ije a Disposition did not employ Deputies, but discharged themselves on the Part of the Patent 'Officers to act themselves solely the Duties of their Offices at their respective (which did not appear to be the Fact in the Year

Head Ports. Two of them being Customers, are 1784) their Execution of their Duty must bear a

9 very

27 Geo. III. 26° 27

very limited Proportion to the Extent of their Of- Occurrences like these, in a Department upon the fices. Transactions of which the Concerns both of Revenue

As the System now stands, these Officers appoint and Commerce materially depend, are serious Mischiefs^ their Deputies at all the Ports and Creeks under their and radically to be provided against The System of respective Jurisdiction; and it is in virtue of such Business in this Office ought not to be within the Reach Appointment that the several Offices are holden, and of such Evils: It should proceed in a fixed and regular the Business transacted. Course, secured from Interruption.

Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of a The accidental Presence or Absence, the private Patent Officer, none of his Deputies appear to be Arrangement, or (economical Convenience of an Officer, regularly and legally authorized to act, until a Sue- should have no Power to suspend or disturb the Move-lessor be appointed, and unless re-appointed by him. ments of such an Office.

— Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of a The Detriment arising from this Right bf Appointment Deputy.no Appointment of a Successor Can, accord- in the Patent Officers does not stop hefe. ing to the regular and legal Form, take Place but by a It is of infinite Moment to this Revenue that none Deputation from the Patentee. but Persons well and duly qualified should be intrusted

A Dominion of this Kind, vested in any Officer with the Execution of Duties as important as those of belonging to an Office such as the Customs, and in an the Controller and Searcher. A Matter of this Cob* Officer seldom bearing any Share in, ignorant of, and sequence does not seem sufficiently guarded, while the unconcerned about, the Duties of his Office; generally Power of appointing to these Offices vests with the residing at a Distance from it; possibly absent from Patent Officers: It is not to be presumed that the the Kingdom; seemed to us to offend against all good Welfare of the Revenue will operate with them as a Order and sound Principle; to make the Office sub- chief Motive in that Act. The Emoluments they allow ordinate to the Officer; and to lead to Consequences their Deputies are in general very small. Many of mischievous to the Revenue and dangerous for the their Deputies are engaged in other Official Situations. Public. Instances are not wanting of the same Person, at

Upon Inquiry, it proved that these Evils did not rest the same Port, being a Deputy to Two, or even to in Possibility or Apprehension. Very recent and strik- Three, Patent Officers; and thus holding Offices in ing Instances of their Existence were produced to their Natures opposed to, and incompatible with, each us. other. The Board of Customs have no Interference,

In the Year 1784, the Deputy Controller at the Discretion, or Authority, in these Appointments. The Port of Liverpool died. The Patent Controller of Board of Treasury have only, in certain Instances, Chester, the Head Port, of which Liverpool is a Mem- a Reservation of Approval. There is not, we think, ber, was then in the East Indies, and consequently an in this System of Appointment, Precaution provided Appointment by him of a Deputy must have been equal to the Trust reposed and the Consequences a Work of considerable Time. This was represented involved.

by the Board of Customs, in a Memorial to the From the combined Considerations of (Economy, Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; Order, and Expedience, we are clearly and firmly of who, to prevent this important Office from remaining Opinion, that the Constitution of the Out Polls of N*57' vacant, did, by their Warrant to the Commissioners the Customs, as far as regards the Three Patent Officers, of the Customs, dated the 8th Day of January 178.5, the Customer, Controller, and Searcher, ought to submit authorize and require them to depute a Person, therein to a complete Change.

named, to be Deputy Controller at the Port of Liver- The Office of Customer should be wholly at an pool, upon his giving Security to the Crown in the End.

like Sum as was given by his Predecessor in Office: The Offices of Controller, and Searchers, as Patent

But the Bond of the late Deputy to his Principal was ones, should be so likewise.

not to be found; no Entry of such Bonds being The Controllers and Searchers should be Officers made in the Office, the Penalty could not be ascer- holding their Employments exactly by the same Au-tained; the Appointment was delayed, and at length thority that the Collector does his Office at present, the Board of Customs were obliged to settle the the Warrant of the Treasury and Commission of the Quantum of Penalty, upon the Information of an Board of Customs. The Department will, by these Officer at the Port, of what was the Security given by Regulations, be relieved of Offices not merely super-, the late Deputy. Another Inconvenience attended this fiuous and expensive, but inconvenient and adverse to Transaction: '1 he Patentee has always been considered the good Arrangement and orderly Conduct of this as responsible for his Deputy; but in this Instance Revenue.

the Deputy was not appointed by him, nor with his Whilst we state what has appeared to us defective Knowledge or Intervention. upon the Subject of these Patent Offices of the Customs

A similar Transaction has since happened in conse- in the Out Ports, and capable of Remedy, we are not quence of the Death of the Deputy Controller of the unmindful of the Authority by which they are holden, Port of Lancaster, which is another Member of the nor of the Interests vested in them.

Head Port of Chester. In the Discharge of our Duty, we propose an Official

The Office of Searcher at the Port of Shoreham we Reform, as we judge, very important. Our Province

found had been vacant for near Three Years; owing, goes no farther.

as was apprehended, to the Allowance made by the How that Reform may, most consistently with Wisdom Patentee to his Deputy being so small, that no Person and Justice, be carried into Effect, is a Matter for the proper for the Office thought it worth Acceptance. Determination of the Legislature.

The Signature of the Searcher is essential to various Should these Offices be abolished, the Distinction

Documents and Instruments in the Course at" the Cus- of the Out Ports into Head and Member, as far as it

tom Business; and that Formality is by Law requisite depends upon the Patent Officers, will of Consequence to authorize the Payment of Debentures: From the cease; and at Creeks, where their Deputies are now Want thereof, several Debentures, transmitted to be stationed, a new Provision of Officers, as Substitutes paid in London, because the Collector at the Port had for them, must be made. It is necessary that there not sufficient Money in his Hands, were stopped in should be Officers at these Creeks, both for the Pur-the Office of the Secretary lor some Months; and the pose of conducting the Coast Business, and establish-Exporter had not, while we were engaged in that Part ing a proper Preventive against illicit Practices. This of our Inquiry, been yet able to procure them to be End may, we should think, be fully accomplished by paid, owing to the above Circumstance, the Appointment of Two Officers to every such Creek,

Vol. 42. holding

Fiftriotk Report on Puttie Accounts.

fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N*58.

K* i.

14th Report, N° 7-

28 26° Janu&rii. . 1787.

holding their Offices by the ordinary Form of the Commission of the Board of Customs, and invested with Authority to carry on the Business at present executed by the Deputies to the Patent Officers. A Reduction not inconsiderable, of the Offices of the Customs, will follow from this Plan.

In the Year 1784* the Patent Officers at the Out Ports, and their Deputies (and some Offices were then vacant) amounted together to Three hundred and Sixty-five.

The Office of Customer suppressed, and those of Controller and Searcher vested only in acting Officers, the Number necessary to execute these Two last Offices, at the Seventy-two Ports, will be One hundred and Forty-four; and of those required at the Thirty-two Creeks, in lieu of the Deputies to the Patentees, Sixty-four; together, Two hundred and Eight The Diminution of Officers, therefore, as compared with those employed in fulfilling these Duties in the Year 1784, will be One hundred and Fifty-seven.

What we have hitherto suggested will, we trust, tend to perfect the Method of conducting this Revenue at the Out Ports: But there is a farther Regulation, in our Opinion, indispensibly essential to the Attainment of that Object. It regards the Collector, the supreme Officer at every Out Port. Enough has been stated to demonstrate the Importance of his Duty. In order to give at once a full Impression thereof, we subjoin a Copy of his Instructions.

It should seem that great Caution ought to precede the Delegation of this Trust; and yet, as we learn from the Examinations of William Stilts, Esquire, scarcely any is interposed. No Official Knowledge or Experience is required. Persons utter Strangers to the Office, and the Business of the Customs, have been frequently appointed to this Employment.

The Searcher, and many other Officers, are, upon being nominated, put under Instructions for a certain Time, and after the Expiration of that Period, not admitted to discharge the Duties of their Stations, until they produce a Certificate from the proper Officers, of their being duly qualified.

The Collector enters upon his Office without any such Preparation. There is, that we can find, but One Disqualification for this Appointment, the having been in the Service and dismissed; and but One Requisite, that of giving Security, by Bond, to a certain Amount. Here there seems to be urgent Need of some Reform; and that Reform ought, upon precisely the same Ground, to be extended to the Controller, the Officer next in Rank and Consequence.

We think that a Course of gradual Rise to the Office of Controller at an Out Port, and from that to the one of Collector, to be forfeited alone by Misconduct or Incapacity on the Part of the Officer who, upon a Vacancy, should stand entitled in the Order of Succession; commencing at, and passing through such intermediate Official Stations as might best suit the practical (Economy of the Department, is the obvious Remedy for the Defect adverted to, and would be a Regulation highly beneficial.

Such a System would secure to these Two important Offices, proved Ability and Fidelity: The Revenue would be fitly managed; and the subordinate Officer, having before his View a Reward certain, if merited, would have the strongest Motives to make himself Master of his Duty, and to execute it with Zeal for the Service.

WE have, in the preceding Part of this Report, stated the material Facts relative to the Fees taken by the Officers of the Customs at the Out Ports.

That Species of Payment appears, in very ancient

Times, to have been subject to Abuse, and to have required the Interposition of high Authority.

The Fourth of Henry the Fourth Chapter the 21st, ehaets, " That from henceforth they [the Searchersj " take of no Masters of Ships, for their Office of " Searching, any Silver, or Money, for their Welcome' " and parewel, nor any other Thing for the same, " as it hath been taken and received before this Time, " otherwise than shall be ordained to them for their " Office by our Lord the King."

Upon consulting the Journals of the House of Commons, we find, that at many Intervals between the Years 1557 and 1626, Bills were introduced into, or revived in, the Two Houses of Parliament, for the express Object of avoiding the Extortions and Exactions of Customers, Controllers, Searchers, and other Officers or Persons employed in the Customs. These several Bills none of them arrived at Completion, but were repeatedly lost in some Stage of their Progress towards being perfected into a Law.

At the /Era of the Restoration, the House of Commons seemed to have judged it requisite to institute a thorough Inquiry into the Fees received or demanded by the Officers of the Customs, and to have had it in Contemplation to correct or remove the Defects which then subsisted, and to provide against the like Evils in future, by establishing, upon delinite Footing, the Fees to be taken at the different Ports. This apparent Design of Parliament, commenced in Execution at that Period, and prosecuted at different Times, during some subsequent Years, was no farther matured that has been shewn; and the State in which the Subject remains, evinces that the Work has not since been resumed to Effect.

The System of Fees now existent is, in our judgment, fundamentally imperfect. — Such a System, if rightly constituted, should have Three Properties:

1st. It should conduce to the Ease and Accommodation of Commerce.

2d. It should offer a safe and equal Source of Reward to the Officer.

3d. It should be pure of all Tendency injurious to the Revenue.

The Observations which follow are intended to demonstrate that the Payment to the Officer by Fee does not accord with these Principles.

The Lists of Fees usually taken, returned to us by the Officers of the Out Ports, and of which we have annexed a Portion as Specimens, exhibit strongly the Defects under which the Subject labours in regard to the Merchant. Upon a general Examination of these Returns, we found them full of Perplexity, Disagreement, and Confusion. The Expressions used to describe the Business for which the Fee is payable to the Officer, arc frequently so dissimilar and irreconcilable at different Ports, as to render it a Matter of Difficulty, and in some Cases of Impossibility, to obtain a Ground for clear and certain Comparison. Where such Means were attainable, great Variety appeared both as to the Terms of the Description, the Amount of the Sum to be paid, and the Division thereof among the Officers entitled; and that for the same specific Service.

This Incongruity we did not find to be limited to One Class of Officers, to particular Ports, to local Circumstances and Transactions rarely occurring; nor did the Frequency and Degree of it seem to be regulated by die Proximity or Distance of the Ports. The Dissimilarity was general; as prevalent between the Head Ports and the respective Members and Creeks dependent thereupon, as between Ports separate and no Way connected; among Ports for which Tables had been appointed by the Authority of Parliament, as at those having no such Standard. It obtained not merely in the Transactions of Foreign

Commerce,

2y Geo. III. 26° Januariu

Commerce, but extended also to the Coasting Trade.

The most exact Inspection and Comparison of the Fees taken at the different Out Ports, which we were able to make, furnished numerous Examples of Discordance and Variation, few of Conformity or Agreement. And of this irregular System, how imperfect is the Information given to the Merchant, by any Notice publicly affixed in the Offices at the different Ports, has been detailed.

An Acquaintance with the Charge of Fees at one Port cannot impart a Knowledge, can scarcely warrant a Calculation, of the Expence which may be induced by them at another Port.

Amidst these Circumstances, the Merchant, in respect of the Payment by Fee at the Out Ports, dbes not, in the Course of his Transactions, appear to be guarded as he ought against Uncertainty, Trouble, and Imposition.

The Force of this Truth, as applied to the Port

N* 50. of London, is evident from the Examinations of N* 51,5'*‘ Mr. Thomas Hubbei't, Mr. William Walter , and

Mr. Thomas Coles.

N* 59. We also learn from the Examination of Arthur 'Hammond, Esquire, One of the General Surveyors resident in London, and who, in executing the Duties of his Office, has been sent upon Inspections to the Out Ports, that frequent References, by Order of the Board of Customs, are made to the General Surveyors, upon Complaints of the Merchants in regard to Fees, as either being excessive, or not warranted by Law; and that he has known the Fees to be represented in some Instances as uncertain and increasing in the Sum: And Complaints of a similar Kind have been made to him when upon the Inspecting Service at the Out Ports.

27. By the Examination of Mr. John Timothy

it appears that the same Evils are felt and complained of in the Plantations. In the Year 1785, a Memorial presented to the Treasury by the West India Merchants, and referred to the Board of Customs, states, among other Matters, " That Redress is necessary respecting the Island Customhouse Officers, who should " exact more than the established Fees, for Dispatch " Money, or on other Pretences; and that such as " shall by any Means require, take, or receive more " than the established Fees, or cause any unnecessary " Delay to Shipping, should be immediately proceeded " against."

Nor does the Officer of the Customs stand safely and well circumstanced touching his Emolument as derived from Fees — His situation is perilous. We have shewn how far the Parliamentary Authority for that Species of Payment extends. The larger Proportion of the Out Ports have it not; and in the Port of London, and at those Ports where there arc Tables so sanctioned, the Contents of them are very limited, and totally inapplicable to the Business and Officers of this Time.

All Fees are prohibited, except such as have been established by Parliament. Some of the Officers have no Salaries: Many have Salaries so small as not to afford common Support. Thus placed they must, by taking Fees forbidden by Law, offend against their Duty, and risque the Consequences; or endure an Official Situation whence the Means of Livelihood cannot be derived. Those Consequences are heavy: They go to Loss of Employment, Incapacity of being re-admitted into the Service, and other Penalties. Here the Officer seems to be placed in a hard and improper Alternative:

And the Danger is not the only Evil. The Fee, in various other Particulars, operates inexpediently by him. The Mode itself of receiving a Stipend by very small Sums is troublesome, and not always convenient for Business. Where one Officer (as often happens) collects the Fees due to another, that Transaction may Vol. 42.

beget Distrust; and, accordingly, Complaints are Fifteenth sometimes made by Officer against Officer, for Fees Report taken and withheld. on Pub*ic

The Income dependant upon Fees is precarious and Accounts< unequal: It may be greatly injured, and nearly lost, by the Diminution of particular Business, by new Regulations, or other Causes: A material Diversity in the Emoluments of Officers in the same Station and Trust may thereby be created. The Inconvenience we advert to extends farther. A Payment by Fee not only occasions (except where all the Fees received are carried to a common Stock, and equally divided) Disparity of Profit among the same Class of Officers, but it serves to break down the Uniformity of Emolument between Officers acting in Branches of the Department distinct from each other, yet equal in Official Rank, and those other Circumstances which form the Title to, and ought to fix the Standard of, Reward. Instances are not wanting, where, by Means of the same Operation, the Income of the Subordinate Officer is carried greatly beyond that of the Superior. These Effects are, we think, subversive of a just Equality in the Distribution of Recompence, and unfavourable to the proper Gradation of Office.

The Objections which we have in this general Way stated, are not built upon Hypothesis: They are founded upon Fact, and Illustrations of them contained in the Accounts of the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs, annexed the one to our last, the other to this Report. *

We have hitherto, in considering the Subject of Fees, fixed our Attention upon the Merchant and the Officer; and it seems obvious that, for the Advantage of both, some material Change therein is requisite.

If the View extended no farther, it might become a Matter of Deliberation, whether a Revision and Amendment of the System might not be feasible and sufficient:

But a third Consideration, which must outweigh all others, does, in our Opinion, demand the total Abolition of this Mode of Payment to the Officers — we mean, the Good of the Revenue.

The Office of the Customs exists for the Purpose of a great and important Collection from the Subject.

The Officer holds his Employment by the immediate Appointment of, or through the Intervention of, some Authority originally flowing from the Crown.

The main Scope of his executive Duty is to secure the just Payment of the Sums due upon different Articles of Commerce, and to enforce a Compliance with the Requisites ordained by Law.

An Officer so appointed, and for such an End, ought, in Consistency and Prudence, to reap the Compensation for his Services solely from the Power whence his Authority is delegated, and to the Use of which the Produce of his Labours is applied. It is not, we think, proper or safe, that his Emoluments should proceed from any other Source than the Crown or National Treasure.

The Revenue of the Customs, however considerable in the Aggregate, rests, and must rest, in Origin, materially upon the Integrity and Diligence of Officers not high in the Official Scale. The vigilant Guard of the Ship, from her Arrival in Port until the legal Duties payable upon all her Cargo have been satisfied, and the ascertaining faithfully and accurately the Weight, Number, Quantity, Quality, or whatever may be the Rule for fixing the Amount of the Duty due upon the Article of Commerce, are the main Operations which secure and determine the Receipt.

The Officer, in discharging these Trusts, as well as those upon which the Diminution of the Receipt by Bounty or Drawback depends, is continually placed in a Situation where the Rights of the Public, and the Interests of the Individual, are opposed. In some

I Transactions

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

3°

Transactions he has specially the Exercise of a discretionary Judgment, and in die general Course of the Business much is in his Po.wer.

With whatever Strictness a Line of Conduct under these Circumstances may be watched, it behoves, as a primary Precaution, to fix the Mode of Reward upon the purest Foundation. The Practice of allowing the Officer to be paid by the Merchant, for the Performance of Official Business, appears to be repugnant to that Maxim. It occasions an Intercourse unfit and dangerous, and brings them into a mutual Relation, in which they should never stand. Habits of pecuniary Obligation or Exchange of private Interest, ought not to mingle with the Execution of such Public Duty. The Subsistence of the Officer who collects Revenue, should in no wise depend upon the Person who contributes.

By these Observations, we would not be thought to convey Imputation upon any Officer or Class of Officers. We have no Instances of Misconduct in View. We reason upon general Truths.

It is not to be overlooked, that the Fee has in itself an inherent Defect. That Method of Payment cannot be so adjusted as to bear exact Proportion to the Value of the Subject which it affects. The Fee is a given Sum paid upon a certain Document, or for a certain Service: Whether it be upon an Entry, or by the Package, or Tale, or such like Measure, the different Value of the Goods does not produce any corresponding Variation in the Fee. And this is not barely a speculative Imperfection: It has hurtful Consequences. We have it in Evidence, that Orders, when but to small Amount, have been very frequently left unexecuted on Account of the Heaviness of the Fees which must have been paid upon them; and farther, that these Orders, there was great Reason to believe, were thereby diverted into the Channels of Foreign Trade.

The Principle which has determined our Judgment upon the Inexpediency of admitting the Payment by Fee to the Officer of the Customs, applies in equal Force to the Recompence or Gratuity. The Gratuity, as by Nature less definite than the Fee, is, where Usage has not corrected that Defect, more faulty. But this Kind of Discrimination matters little. Our Position, if solid, can allow of no Exception.

It is true that the Service for which the Gratuity is payable is special, and out of the ordinary Course. The Legislature has, however, authorized the Attendance of the Officer at Times and Places not required by Law, as a proper and necessary Accommodation for Trade; and it seems meet that the Execution of such Business should be made a Part of his regular Duty, and the Reward thereof be provided for in die Annual Stipend allotted to him.

We are accordingly of Opinion, that every Payment by Fee or Gratuity, or in any Shape whatsoever, by the Merchant or others to the Officer, for or on Account of Business done in the Discharge of his Official Duty, ought to be abolished throughout the whole Department of the Customs; and that the Reward of the Officer (except in what arises from Seizures) should be by Salary alone.

If this Regulation be adopted, a Provision for the Officer, in Lieu of the Emolument be now derives from Fees and Gratuities, must be made. That Charge must either be borne by the Revenue of the Customs, or, if to remain upon the Merchant, some equal and convenient Method must be devised, whereby Persons transacting Business with the Office may supply a Fund for that Purpose.

Whether, with the Load of Debt that presses upon the Country, the total Exoneration of Commerce from this Incumbrance might, by the many beneficial Effects to Foreign and Domestic Trade which must follow, sufficiently countervail and compensate for the Increase

1787.

of Public Expence thence induced, is one of those hmh Matters to be reserved for the Deliberation of the Legislature, and on which we do not presume to offer an Opinion.

If the Merchant is to have his Business in the Office* of the Customs transacted gratuitously, or if he is, by a Substitute for Fees, still to pay on Account of the Revenue what has hitherto been taken of him for the Benefit of the Officer, the Change introduced will in either Case be great. And it will no Doubt be an Object with the superintending Branches of the Department, to have the utmost Care that the Introduction of a System unsupported by former Habits, and placing the Officer and the Merchant in a new relative' Situation, may not obstruct or lessen any of the fair Official Accommodations to Trade now permitted.

We have proposed that a fixed Annual Salary should become the sole Reward to the Officer of the Customs for executing the Duty of his Office. That Salary ought, we think, in every Instance to be a Compensation fully adequate to the Employment. We do not thereby mean any Arrangement tending to the profuse Disposal of Public Money, or the Concession of unnecessary Advantage to the Officer — We mean such an Appointment as shall be judged reasonable and competent, due Regard being had to the Talents or Industry required, the Trust committed, the Responsibility annexed, and the Station in Office and Life of the Person employed. And this, we deem, is strictly consistent with sound (Economy, which manifests itself not by withholding from the efficient Servant of the Public a proper Return for his Service, and the fair Means of Support, but by suppressing useless Offices, reducing overgrown Emoluments, striking off unnecessary Expences, and modelling every Department upon such a Plan, that each Officer shall have a fit and sufficient Portion of Duty assigned to him, and all needless Superfluity in the Number of Officers maintained be rejected. A Salary estimated by this just and liberal Standard will, in our Opinion, be finally for the Safety and Welfare of the Revenue; whilst to admit the Pressure of Necessity, upon Situations exposed to frequent Temptation, and affording easy Opportunities of yielding thereto, can hardly be reconciled to Prudence or Humanity.

The Institution of One plain Salary to the Officer, will be attended with another good Effect: It will simplify the Mode of Reward in this Office. We found it complicate and perplexed, consisting often, in that Portion of it derived from the Crown, of various minute Payments by Salary, and of different Poundages or Allowances allotted to particular Services, and paid under special Authorities to the same Officer — Distinctions of no Use, and serving to multiply and subdivide Account. Nothing ought to be more clear, and speedily ascertainable, than the Charge upon the Public, and the Profit to the Officer, arising from any Employment. How little the System now obtaining in the Customs is suited to this Kind of Precision, is apparent from the Detail given at the Beginning of this Report. More than a Twelvemonth elapsed before tire Office could furnish us with a complete Account of the Emoluments of the Officers for One Year.

As the Stipend to the Officer should in the First Instance be in a simple Form, so it ought, we think, to be exempt from all subsequent Deductions upon Public Account. The Practice of issuing a Sum, to receive back a Portion thereof after that Portion has been subject to a Circuit, to Delay, and Diminution from Charges of Collection, seems to be inconsistent and unthrifty. In respect of the Payment for the Land Tax made by many of the Officers, this Incongruity goes farther. The Annual Contributions to that Tax, by Officers whose Salaries do not exceed Sixty Pounds 3 a Year,

3 6° Januarii.

37 Geo. III.

3<S° Januarii.

3i

a Year, are again paid them out of the Duties of the a considerable Portion of the Time allotted for Fifteenth Customs; and thus this Process of Payment and Re- Work.

payment is carried one Stage farther, in Reality to no We farther find, that these Holidays, in their pre-other Effect than the Transfer of a certain Portion of judicial Influence, do not act upon Trade alone; they ccou the Produce of the Custom Revenue to that derived are, in One striking Instance, fraught with evil Ten-ffom Land. The Sums in this Way paid and re-paid dency to the Revenue.

are to an Amount not inconsiderable. From Two The Legislature have, by the 13th and 14th of N* 60,61. Accounts procured by us, it appears that the Sum Charles the Second, an Act made for the express Pur-paid out of the Duties of the Customs, for the Land pose of preventing f rauds and regulating Abuses in Tax assessed on the Salaries of the Officers of the Cus- the Customs, confined within specific Limits the Time toms in the Port of London, for the Year 1784, was admitted between the Arrival of a Vessel from Parts IMy 1.1. Eight hundred and Twenty-three Pounds, Eight Shil- beyond the Seas, and the Reporting her Contents and lings, and Eight Pence: And that the Sum paid out Lading. When Holidays intervene, as the Report of the Duties of the Customs, for the Land Tax assessed cannot then be made, this Limitation is extended, on the Salaries of the Officers of the Customs at the and a most indispensable legislative Precaution is so £.1,84*. — jo}. Out Ports, for the Year 1784, was Eight thousand far defeated; thereby impairing the Fences against Eight hundred and Forty-two Pounds, and Ten Pence unlawful Acts, and opening a very dangerous Inlet £.9,665.9.6$. One Farthing; together, Nine thousand Six hundred to fraudulent and evU Practices. It is also probable, and Sixty-five Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Six Pence that Holidays, by delaying the Loading or Unloading One Farthing. of Ships, and occasioning the Absence of many of the

If the present Distinctions and Appropriations of the Officers from their Stations, may, at those Times, in

National Funds should be thought to require the various Ways, increase or facilitate the Means of car-

Continuance, in the Office of the Customs, of the rying on the same illicit Proceedings. These forcible

Contributions to the Land Tax, the Shilling and Six- Objections to the frequent Observance of Holidays penny Duties, the roost compendious Method of ac- in this Office present themselves. It is plain that few complishing that End will be, in the first Instance to of them are at present applied to those Services erf Refix the Salaries of the Officers at such a Rate as to ligion for which they were originally instituted; and allow for those Payments being charged upon the Re- therefore the Necessity of their Preservation cannot venue, and to pay out of the Custom Duties in Totals stand upon that Ground. According to the Sugges-the Sums due upon the Emoluments of the Officers to tions of our Judgment, they can, if at all useful, be so these Three respective Collections — A Mode which but in One of these Two Ways; either for the System will be rendered easy, when the Salary becomes the of Office, or for the Officer. If Holidays are wanted sole Source of Emolument as occasional Cessations from public Work, to afford an

Opportunity for revising, bringing up, adjusting, and N«5o, 51,52. The Examinations taken with a View to collect the completing Parts of the Official "Business, which are practical Observations of Trade upon the Objects then not perfected in the Course of constant daily Transac-immediately before us, among various Matters, of tion, and which would, by remaining behind, interrupt which some have been already discussed, and others, as Order; or as Intervals of Rest and Relaxation to the regarding the executive Duty of particular Officers, Officer, that he may thereby be enabled to go through may, we think, with Propriety be referred to the the Labours of his Employment effectually for the Attention of the presiding Power in the Department, Service — these are Considerations of Weight and So-contain One Subject of so general and important a lidity. However, the former Reason, should it at Nature as to merit special Consideration. We advert all obtain, must be partial, and prevalent only in cer-to the Holidays observed in the Customs. The Dis- tain Lines of the Business; and it is not to be conceived advantages occasioned to Trade by their Frequency but that such Arrangements within the Department have been stated: They are, upon the strong con- might be introduced, as would serve to obviate that

current Testimony of Experience, numerous and great

A Subject like Commerce, of Necessity depending in its Movements upon many inevitable Contingen-

Difficiilty. In respect to the latter, it seems apposite to remark, that a given Annual Quantity of Business to be performed, may as to Execution be brought into a smaller Compass of Time, but cannot substan-cies, such as Winds, Tides, Seasons; and peculiarly daily be diminished by the Operation of Holidays, liable to injury from being retarded in its Progress, That kind of Suspension from Work must create a con-and compelled to forego the favourable Occasion, sequent Excess of it: The Officer, previously eased, is ought, it should seem when Regulations are directed in the Result called upon for greater Effort: And when 13th Report, to it, to have every Indulgence and Accommodation Holidays happen together, or near to each other, and N° 15. not incompatible with the End of those Regula- at busy Periods (in a Department where the Entries tions. Inwards in the Port of London have in One Day

The Wants of the Country have made it necessary amounted to about Four hundred) an Extreme of Hurry, to impose a Variety of Burthens upon different Articles Toil, and Anxiety, may be induced, highly burthensome of Merchandize; and whatever Official Delay, For- upon the Officer himself, and not advantageous to the mality, and other cautionary Interposition, are ex- Business, which is in all Lines best conducted under an

~ - - eqUai anc| regular Division of Labour.

Of the Thirty-one Holidays Annually kept in the Customs under the Authority of the Legislature, . Twenty-seven are established by the 5th and 6th of

pedient for the safe and regular Conduct of this System, so as to secure Produce, and effect the other Objects comprehended therein; of these, a most exact and unvarying Observance must be maintained. This,

and no more, Public Utility appears to require. — Any Edioard the Sixth, Chapter the 3d — an Act framed

needless Clog or Restraint upon the free Course and almost Two Centuries and a Half ago. That Act,

Dispatch of Commercial Business must, we deem, in governed as it must have been by the Lights and

a Nation deriving, to the Degree tin's does, Strength Manners of the Age, has this remarkable Clause;

and Pre-eminence from the Operations of Trade, be " That it shall be lawful to every Husbandman, La-

repugnant to general good.

The Holidays kept in the 'Customs are seemingly in this Predicament. They are Forty-five in Number; and if from the Year the f ifty-two Days set apart for public Worship be deducted, they form Vol. 42.

" bourer, Fisherman, and to all and every other Person or Persons, of what Estate, Degree, or Condition he or they be, upon the Holidays aforesaid, " in Harvest, or at any other Time of the Year " when Necessity shall require, to labour, ride, fish,

" or

3 i 26° Januarii.A. 1787.

Fifteenth " or work any Kind of Work, at their free Wills and

Report u pieasure any Thing in this Act to the contrary not-

on Public ti . , A i 0 Accounts. withstanding.

Had Commerce been exhibited to the Understanding of our Ancestors, in the enlarged Form, and with the important Combinations, under which we behold that Subject, probably it would have been distinguished by a due Place, in this Spirit of provisionary Wisdom, against the Hindrance of Labour or Business useful to the State.

The Act of the 6th and 7th of William the Third, in some Measure supplied what was wanting in this ancient Law, by permitting the Officer of the Customs, upon urgent Occasions, to work at Times not legally required of him, in Consideration of a Recompence made by the Merchant for such Service. A farther Progress in the same Direction would be consonant with the ripened Policy and advanced State of Things at this Day. Since, therefore, on the one Hand, there does not appear to be any essential Necessity for continuing the Holidays in the Customs in their present Number; and, on the other Hand, their Observance may be productive of Evil to the Revenue, and is highly inconvenient and detrimental to Trade, with the Extension or Decrease of which the Custom Receipt must augment or diminish — we are of Opinion, that a Regulation rendering these Holidays less numerous would be to National Benefit.

The Restriction of the Annual Holidays in the Customs to the great Festivals, and a few memorable Anniversaries; or a Reduction of them, upon the Principle of preventing their happening near to each other ( Sunday being regarded as one) and of their being rejected at the Seasons when the Bulk of the Import or Export Trade is transacting, might either of them suffice, and the Mode judged most expedient be adopted.

We thought it to be our Duty thus to submit to the Wisdom of the Legislature what has occurred to U3 upon a Subject which arose in the Course of our Inquiries, and relates to Matters of high Public Concern.

In pursuing the Expenditure incurred in the Management of this Revenue for the Year 1784, the Plan upon which the Cruizing Vessels of the Customs are supported, came under our Observation. We found ' the Cruizers maintained either upon the Esablish-ment, or by Contract; and the Contract of Two Kinds. It is not for us to judge which of these different Modes of Maintenance, or whether a Plan like the present, mixed and comprehending each of them, is best adapted to the Nature and Exigencies of the Service, and most for the Public Advantage. To the ' Board of Customs, where the Aids of past Experience are united with continual practical Knowledge on the Subject (the true Means of determining) that Decision properly belongs. But observing one Part of the System which appears to us defective in Principle, upon that we consider ourselves bound to remark. It is this: The Contracts entered into for the Cruizers are, many of them, made with the Collectors and Controllers (together or separately) of the Ports at # which the Vessels are respectively stationed. Of Twenty-four Cruizers employed by Contract in the Year 1784, not less than Sixteen were thus circumstanced.

We apprehend it to be aq obvious Truth, that no Interest in the Performance of a Service ought to vest . in the Person whose Duty it is to controul the Execution thereof: The Union of these Two Trusts is not to be confided in; an Official Self-Controul seems to be practically a Contradiction, and a Thing impossible. The Application intended is plain.

The Cruizing Service in the Customs imports much to the Revenue and fair Trade of the Country: That

it may be conducted to the best Effect, depends upon, many Concurrences; as, the proper Outfit of the Vessel, the Repair and State in which she is kept, the Number and Condition of her Men, her plying her Station diligently, and other Particulars of a like Kind. The Superintendance and Check, at the Out Ports, over most if not the Whole of this Combination, reside with the Collectors and Controllers; these Officers are either to be informed of, inspect, examine, report, or certify upon the several Circumstances relative to the Performance of and Expenditure attending this Service.

It appears possible that the Crown and the Contractor, though the clear Produce of the Seizures made by the Cruizer is for their common Benefit, may in previous Instances have their Interests tending different Ways.

For Example, Savings in the Repairs of Victualling of the Vessel; a Complement of Men short of the Number allowed by and charged to the Crown; a Regard to the Safety of the Vesssl herself in hazardous Weather (and other Cases might be put) may, it should seem, in one or the other Species of Contract, be made to operate to the Prejudice of the Revenue, and the Advantage of the Contractor; and, what is not the least material Consideration, the Efficacy of a principal Instrument, used for the Repression of very pernicious Acts, thereby be diminished.

It is not on any supposed Prevalence of such ill Consequences that our Reasoning is built. We do not know that they exist. We look solely to these Positions — that every Check should stand upon Groond perfectly free from any interested Connection with the Subject to be checked; and, that all Official Arrangement ought to preclude the Opening for Injury to the Public Service. Therefore we think, that unless some very. powerful Cause obtains for adhering to the present Practice, no Collector, Controller, or Officer belonging to the Customs, should be admitted to contract for, or to have Share or Concern in, the C ontracts made for the Cruizing Vessels to be employed in the Service of this Revenue.

In our last Report we recommended the Suppression of several inferior Treasuries in the Customs; as also, of the Offices supported for the Purpose of controuling or passing the Accounts kept in those Treasuries.

These various Offices, we found, existed in order that the Produce arising out of Seizures and Fines might be kept distinct from the Custom Duties in all the Stages of Receipt, Payment, and Audit of Account. That Distinction, as repugnant to Uniformity, Perspicuity, and (Economy, we thought, ought to be discontinued; and, in Place thereof, One Treasury, and One Controul, to be established.

The Necessity of such Regulation has been farther confirmed to us. The Accounts in every Public Office ought to be so constructed, as to exhibit, if coming under the View of Parliament, a complete Statement of all Receipt and Expenditure within the Department. By the Practice of distinguishing these Two Sources of Revenue in the Customs, this End is counteracted.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Customs, we learn from the Examination of Mr. Jo- N° 13. shua Powell, is not presented regularly to Parliament, but only upon special Requisition. When an Order, pursuant to that Requisition, comes to the Board of Customs, they, by their Minute, direct the Controller General to make out and present the Account required: And no other Account is made out, by any Officer of the Customs, in consequence of the Requisition.

The Controller General includes in the Account, all he can include, the Gross Receipt of the Custom Duties, and the Payments therefrom. The Produce

arising

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

arising from Seizures and Fines, and the Payments out of that Fund, he cannot insert: They are not within his Cognizance or Controul.

N* *4. By the £xamination of Mr. John Bastin, First Clerk to the Accountant of Petty Receipts, in whose Office the Account of Seizures is passed, we find, that upon consulting the Books in his Office, it does not appear that any Account has ever been delivered to Parliament of the Produce of Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures, for London and the Out Ports, with the various Payments for Management made out of that Produce, and the Payments into the Exchequer. Thence it follows, that no perfect and entire State of the Produce and Expenditure of this Office is laid before Parliament, or can be, whilst the present Mode of forming and obtaining the Account is preserved.

In the Year 1784, the Payments into the Exchequer, out of the King’s Net Share of Seizures and Fines, by the Two Receivers of Fines and Forfeitures, and the Solicitors of the Customs, amounted together to Twenty-L * five thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-one Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Six Pence Three Farthings; their Payments for Charges of Management, together with those made by the Collectors at the Out Ports out of the King’s Net Share of Seizures, to Sixty-

t- Mf* 4- nine thousand Six hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds, Four Shillings — Sums which would not have appeared had the General Account of the Customs for the Year been called for.

And this Defect the more requires to be corrected, in as much as the System of directing the various Charges incident to this Revenue upon the Fund arising out of Seizures and Fines, has of late been gaining Ground.

N° 14. We are informed by Mr. John Mills, that a considerable Part of the Incidental Expences of the Customs, which used to be paid by the Receiver General, has for some Time past been paid by the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports.

Accounts laid before Parliament become the Subject for Deliberations and Proceedings of high National Concern: They should comprehend the full Means of Information. The Defect we are observing upon not only prevents that Information from being complete, but it may serve to mislead, and give Rise to erroneous Conclusions: For, whilst the Total Charges of Management stated in the Controller General’s Account may, comparatively with those of former Years, be decreasing, the real Expence of managing this Revenue, including the Payments made out of the King’s Net Share of Seizures and Fines, and which do not appear in the General Account, may augment

We are, therefore, of Opinion, that the Reform we suggested, of bringing all Receipt and Payment into the Office of the Receiver General, and of extending the Controul of the Controller General to the Produce of Seizures and Fines, in the same Way that it now operates upon the Custom Duties, is urgently wanted, and should, without Delay, be carried into Execution.

given Period. These Balances are n6w Open for more than a Century. No Evil could arise from admitting them at any Period; for if they were afterwards found to be erroneous, the Collectors might lie surcharged in Cases where Sums were due to the Public, and have Credit where Balances were due to them.

It seetns therefore right, that proper Authority should be given to take these Balances at the Period most convenient for the Account. The Controller General will be enabled to include in the General Account of the Customs, when required by Parliament, the Gross Receipt and the Payments at the Plantations; whereas hitherto no more of that Receipt and Expenditure has been inserted than the Sum brought to Account by the Receiver General, and the Charges on the Head of the Plantations paid in England.

Thus Simplicity and Unity, Qualities essential to the apt and expedient Conduct of Business, peculiarly that of Account, and where the Transactions are of Magnitude, will be introduced into some of the most material Branches of this great Department.

We here conclude our Researches into the Customs — an Office which has employed much of our Time and Labourj and engaged us in Three successive Reports.

Various Matters of Moment have, in the Pursuit of that Object, been brought under our Consideration. Our Duty has called upon us for Opinions on Subjects extensive and intricate: Those Opinions have frequently terminated in Suggestions subversive of Forms long established; introductory of material Change in the System, wide and powerful in Effect.

In executing a Work thus arduous, we have not shrunk from the Pains of Inquiry: — We have attentively and perseveringly examined; cautiously and deliberately weighed: — We have used the best Lights of our Understanding to judge right, and endeavoured to render Service to the Public.

Office of Accounts, A. (L.S.)

Surrey Street, Rich* Leave, (L.S.)

19th December 1786. (L.S.)

Geo. Drummond, (L.S.)

Roe, (L.S.)

APPENDIX.

N* 1.

The Examination of William Sliles, Esquire; taken upon Oath, November the 21st and 28th 1785, January the 30th, February the 20th and 27th, March the nth, 20th, and 30th, April 6th, 10th, and 15th, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That upon the 18th of De-To induce Consistency throughout the Forms of cember 1784, the Board of Customs, by their Minute, framing and passing the Accounts in this Revenue, directed Copies of the Precepts of this Board, dated a Regulation is necessary respecting the Plantation the preceding Day, to be delivered to the Officers in Accounts. the Port of London, and to be transmitted to the

N* 28. We are informed by Mr. Joshua Powell, that the Officers at the Out Ports, with Specimens of the Form Accounts of the Duties received, and the Payments in which they were to make their Returns. These out of them, in the Plantations, have never been Specimens having been prepared and printed, Orders, passed in the Exchequer, but by the Controller Ge- dated the 1st'of January 1785, were issued to the neral, under the Authority of the Board of Customs: Officers in the Port of London, directing them to deliver

They were not made out in a Manner so as to be com- the Account required by this Board into the Secre-patible with the Forms of die Exchequer: They have, tary’s Office on or before the 18th of that Month; within these Two or Three Years, been put upon such and the like Orders and Specimens were transmitted a Footing, that they might go through those Forms, to the Collector and Controller at every Out Port, if the Balances depending could be admitted at any directing them to call upon the Patent Officers, their Vol. 42. K Deputies,

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Fifteenth Report ou Public Accrtmffc

34 2(5° Januarii. A. 1787.

Deputies, and the rest of the Officers under their Survey, to prepare with all possible Speed the Accounts required; and' to transmit them to the fioard of Customs. Returns were received from some of the Out Ports in a short Time afterwards, but the Collectors and Controllers at several' of them, in Answer to these Orders, stated to the Board many Difficulties they toct with in obeying them, particularly that they could not procure Returns from the Patent Officers, on Account of their Non-residence. The Collector and Controller of HmU mentioned, that the Patent Customer was hr London, One of the Deputy Customers hear Glasgow, the Patient Searcher at Dorchester, and

left in Blank the Accounts of those Officers: And at several other Ports, the Collectors and Controllers were obliged, from the same Cause, to return the Accounts blank, so far as regarded the Patent Officers; upon which the Board ot‘ Customs, some Time in May, issued their Orders to such of the Patent Officers* whose Places of Residence they could discover, to prepare and transmit directly to their Secretary the Accounts required. At the Time when a Patent is registered at the Custom House, it is the Practice to enquire after the Place of Residence of the Officer, and to enter it in a Book in the Secretary’s Office; but the Change of his Residence is not transmitted to the Custom House.

Returns were made in consequence of these Orders by some of the Patent Officers, but mauy of them imperfect.

All the Returns from the Out Ports, and from the Patent Officers, as well as the Returns for the Port of London, were committed by the Secretary to tite Care of the Deputy Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Payments, to be arranged and digested into the Form required by this Board.

The Out Ports of the Customs are subject to a Distinction. They are either Head Ports or Members, and are so distinguished and constituted by Commissions issued at various Times from the Court of Exchequer, appointing Commissioners for assigning Ports, and settling the Limits and Boundaries thereof These Commissions were so issued, in pursuance of the Acts of the First of Elizabeth, and the Fourteenth of Charles the Second. There are likewise Places which are within the Limits of either the Head or Member Ports, as set out in these Commissions; and when Officers competent to transact Coast Business are by Order of the Board of Customs stationed at such Places, they are in the Department of the Customs distinguished by the Appellation of Creeks. The Circumstance which distinguishes the Head Port is, that the Three Patent Officers, that is, the Customer, the Controller, and Searcher, are by their Patents specially appointed to such Port: This Appointment gives to these Three Officers a Jurisdiction, as far as concerns their respective Offices, over all the Members, and the Creeks belonging to the Head or Member Port.

The Member Port is distinguished by a Dependance upon the Head Port, so far as regards the Three Patent Officers, who appoint and must have Deputies resident at the Member Ports, becatise all Foreign Commerce may be legally transacted at them, as well. as at the Head Port, there being at both Quays set out and described in the Commissions, where the Merchant has a Flight, at legal Hours to land or ship his Goods. This Dependence of the Member upon' the Head Port,' is wholly restricted to the Jurisdiction of the Patent Officers.

The Circumstance which characterizes a Creek is, that no Foreign Commerce can by Law be carried on there in atiy Instance, unless by virtue of a special Sufferance granted from the Head or Member Port; within the Limits of which such Creek is situate, and at which Head or Member Port the Duties, if any, must be previously paid or secured; but at a Creek

all Coast Business may be transacted, equally as at a Head or Member Port, and therefore the Customer and the Controller have Deputies at Creeks; the Searcher haying no Concern in the Coast Business, he has no Deputy at many of them; at some be has, for the Purpose of attending the shipping of Goods to Foreign Parts, in pursuance of the special Sufferances granted from the Head or Member Port: In Creeks where there is no Deputy Searcher, the Officer who transacts that Duty at the Head or Member Port must attend the Execution of such Sufferances. At several of the Creeks, Collectors, Controllers, and Meters, for the Purpose of carrying on the Receipt of the Coal Duties, are appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs, under whose Management the said Duties, as well as the Appointment of all Officers concerned therein, are by Act of Parliament specially placed: At these Creeks, the Coal Duties so received are, by Order of the Board of Customs, paid to the Collector of the Head or Member Port, of which such Creek is a Part, who includes the same in his Remittances of Duties to the Receiver General, and accounts for them with the Controller General, except at the Creek of Leigh, in the Port of Malden, where the Collector of those Duties remits them directly to the Receiver General, and accounts. for them with the Controller General; mad this Place, though a Creek, and consequently where no Import or Export Duties can be collected, is in the List of the Out Ports, which, including Leigh, are Seventy-two in Number.

The Three Patent Officers belonging to the Out Ports, that is, the Customer, Controller, and Searcher, are by Law to be resident upon their Offices. The Non-residence of these Officers at their proper Ports is attended with great Inconvenience: They appoint all their Deputies, as well at the Head Port, if they do not reside there, as ait the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging. Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Patent Officer, none of these Deputies are, as he apprehends, legally authorized to continue to act, unless re-appointed by the Successor' to such Patent Officer. Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Deputy, no Appointment of a Successor can regularly take Place but by Deputation from the Patentee. In the Year 1784, the Deputy Controller at the Port of Liverpool died; the Patent Controller of Chester, of which Liverpool is a Member Port, was in the East Indies, and consequently could appoint no Deputy in due Time. The Board of Customs represented this to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, who, in order to prevent so important ah Office from continuing vacant, and the Collector without Check, sent their Warrant to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated the 8th of January 1785, requiring them to issue their Deputation to a Person therein named, to be Deputy Controller there, upon his giving Security to the Crown in the like Sum as was given by the late Deputy to the Patentee. The Bond to the Patentee could not be found; no Entry of such Bond is ever made at the Custom House, and consequently the Penalty could not be ascertained; the Appointment therefore was delayed, and the Board of Customs at last was obliged to settle the Quantum of the Security, upon Information received from an Officer at the Port, of what had been the Security given by the late Deputy.

The Patentee has been always considered as responsible for his Deputy; but this Deputy is appointed without his Intervention.

A like Transaction has since happened, in Consequence of the Death of the Deputy Controller at a Lancaster, which is another Member of the Port of Chester.

Where there are not Officers appointed to execute the Duty of Patent Officers at a Port, particularly that of Controllers and Searchers, great Inconvenience 9 may

27 Geo. III.

Jamtdm.

5

may arise to the Merchant; from the Want of the got been altered, but sMmds as it originally did. Since Signature of those Officers to, such Instruments or the Appointment of the Office of Collector, the Coo-Documents as they are by Law required to sign, trailer has been directed, by Order of the Board of There is at present at Shorthorn no Deputy Searcher, Customs, to, check that Officer in every Branch of his nor has been for near Three Years; This Vacancy for Duly; and that he may be enabled so, to do, a Copy, so long a Time is, as he apprehends, owing to the of the Collector’s Instructions is, by Order of the

Allowance from the Patentee being so small, that no, Board, transmitted to him upon his Appointment, if

proper Person has thought it worth his while to accept he executes his Duly himself, if not, to his Deputy, the Office. Tor Want, of the Signature of that Officer, Where Business is transacted by the Customer, the several Debentures which have been sent up to be Controller still remains a Check upon him. Neither paid, in London, on Account of the Collector at the the Collector, nor Controller, or his Deputy, are ever;

Port not having sufficient. Money in his Hands to pay put under Instructions upon then- Appointment, though

the same, have been stopped in the Secretary’s Office they have never been in the Service-for some Months* and the Payment of them is not yet The Searcher was the Third ancient Patent Officer, allowed to the Exporters. and his Duty at his Institution was to search and exa-.

The Customer, who was stiJed also Collector, was mine all Goods imported or exported: Other Officers the ancient Officer of the Crown for receiving the having been since appointed to superintend the Im-Custom Duties from, their Origin, and for accounting port Business, his present Duty is confined to than of for them irpon Oath with the Exchequer, and the Exports.

principal Officer for conducting the Business of that The great Object of this Officer’s Duty is to examine. Revenue, and for yielding Accounts to the Exchequer and compare the particular Circumstances of Goods relative to all Foreign or Coast Commerce, exported, with the Endorsements made by the Exporter

When the Customs were put into Farm, the Far- on his Cocket; which Endorsements specify the exact mers had, as he apprehends, their own Collectors, and Quantity and Quality he means to export. Where the this Officer remained for the Purpose only of keep- Goods so intended to be exported are entitled either ing and yielding the last mentioned Accounts to the to Bounty or Drawback, such Drawback or Bounty Exchequer, and conducting the Coast Business, in is by Law payable upon the Certificate of this Officer, which the Farmers had no Concern, there being then testifying those specific Circumstances of the Article no Coast Duties. Since the Customs were put into of Commerce, by which the Quantum of Payment to, Commission, in the Year 1671, the Commissioners have the Exporter is to be determined. At some few of the at different Times, as the Duties canoe out of Farm, principal Out Ports, deputed or controlling Searchers pursuant to Warrants of the Treasury, appointed are appointed, to check the Transactions of the Patent Collectors at all the Out Ports, for the Purpiose of Searcher, or his Deputy. At all the other Out Porta receiving and accounting for the Custom Duties, and the Landing Waiters are directed by the Board to superintending the whole Business of that Department perform this Duty.

at their respective Ports. The Office of Customer still The Deputy Searcher, or the Patentee himself if remains, but it is not his Business as such to collect he acts, is put under Instructions for She Months at any Duties, although Coast Dufies have been since least; and until he is found qualified, and produces a imposed: He generally makes out, and always signs. Certificate thereof from the proper Officers, he is not all the Coast, and some other Documents, in Con- entitled to execute his Office.

junction with the Controller; but it is the Duty also of the Collector to examine and sign those Documents, and he is held to be equally responsible with the Two Officers before mentioned.

The Collector is now the first or principal Officer at an Out Port, and has the whole Charge of collecting the Customs, as well on Goods Coastwise as on Goods imported or exported. The Controller is next in Rank to the Collector, and these Two Officers have jointly the Superintendance and Direction of all the Officers employed in the Service of this Revenue, at the Port to which they belong. This Jurisdiction extends over the Patent Officers and their Deputies, as well as over all the other Officers, and is delegated to the Collectors and Controllers by the Commissioners of the Customs, who derive such Authority from their

A. Piggott, liichd Nea Sam^Beachcroft, Geo. Drummond, IViW* Roe.

W. Sti.

N* 3.

The Examination of Mr. John Dailey; taken upon Oath, November 14th, 1785, January 17th and 18th, February 2 2d, March 3d, 8th, 17th, and 31st, April8th and 1 ith, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That some Time in February

Patent, which expressly directs, that all Officers of last he received from the Office of the Secretary of the

Customs the Returns from the Officers in London, made to the Board of Customs pursuant to the Precept of this Board. These Returns were not correct. Upon Application to the Officers themselves, they were some of them withdrawn, and new ones made out; others were corrected by them. Procuring the Corrections,

the Customs appointed by Letters Patent, and their Deputies, and all other Officers, do observe and be obedient to sneb Orders and Directions as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Commissioners.

All the Correspondence of the Board, respecting every Kind of Business at an Out Port, is with the Collector and Controller. The Orders and Communications of and reducing the Returns into the Form required the Board in regard to all the Transactions, and the by this Board, employed many of his Office, and all Duties of all the Officers at the Port, are addressed to the his leisure, Hours, until the Middle of April, when Collector and Controller, and they are held responsible having nearly completed the Return for London, he for the due Execution thereof; and all Communications received from the Secretary’s Office the Returns from from the Port with the Board, as well respecting the the Out Ports. Upon examining these Returns, and Business of the Revenue, as any particular Applications comparing them with the Books and Accounts in the from the Officers under their Survey, is directed to oome Office of the Customs, it was found that vety few of through them. them were correct: In some of them Officers were

The Appointment of Controller took Place at the omitted; Salaries paid by the Crown were left out; same Time with that of Customer. His Duty then Allowances paid by the Crown were blended with the was, to be a Check upon all the Transactions of the Fees; io some of them no Fees at all were returned; Customer; and the Duty enjoined by his Patent has the ABuwaooes to Deputies and Clerks could not be , . Voi. 42, reconciled

FiftaeaiU Report on Public Account*

Fifteen tk Report on Public Accounts*

36 26° Januariu A. 1787.

reconciled with the Sams stated to be received by those Deputies and Clerks in their Returns. This Disagreement, as he found upon Inquiry, frequently arose from this Circumstance, that die Deputy had blended Fees received for himself with those received for his Patentee.

To supply these Defects, and correct these Errors, Applications were made to the Patent Officers at all the Ports, to send up complete Returns; and he has been ever since, occasionally, and still is, applying by Letters to the Collectors and Controllers at the several Ports (being the Officers to whom the Board of Customs send their Directions, and on whom they rely for the Returns) in order to explain and correct them. Some of these Returns are still incorrect; and he is proceeding in his Applications to the Officers to rectify the Errors. The Board of Customs directed the Collectors and Controllers to call upon the Officers of their respective Ports, to make Returns to them of the State of their Offices. In some of the Ports they stated to the Board their Inability to make complete Returns, because of the Non-residence of the Patent Officers.

In order to accelerate the Returns necessary for the Formation of the Out Port Account required by this Board, he has himselfj where there has been Occasion, made Application to those Patent Officers whose Places of Residence he could discover, without applying for their Returns through the Intervention of the Collectors and Controllers of the Port He has found great Difficulty in making out the Account, from the different Mode of Payment between the Patentee and the Deputy in Practice at different Ports. In some Ports the Patentee, pursuant to Warrants of the Treasury, allows his Deputy a Salary of Twenty Pounds a Year, or the whole of the Fees, where they do not amount to that Sum. At other Ports he allows the Deputy no Salary, but the Whole or a Share of the Fees, according to the Terms of the Agreement between them; and those Agreements are different at different Ports.

Since the Receipt of the Out Port Returns by him from the Secretary’s Office, in last, he has continued to devote all the Time that could be spared from his Official Duty, and to make every Exertion in his Power, to render the Account complete; and in order that no Delay on his Part might arise in accomplishing this Object, he has procured Assistance at his own Expence. The Impediments to the Formation of the Account required, which have been various and great, are now so far surmounted, that he apprehends he shall soon be able to deliver it to this Board.

The Account on this Day (the 2 2d of February) delivered by him, is a complete Return to the Precept of this Board, dated December the 17th, 1784. It contains a List of all the Officers of the Customs employed at the Out Ports in that Year. The Employment, the Authority of Appointment, the different Sources and Gross Produce of the Emolument, the various Payments of each Officer, and the Net Produce to him, are kept under distinct Heads, in pursuance of tire Requisition of this Board.

This Account was made out by him from the Returns of the Officers themselves, from the General Account for each Port, transmitted by the Collector and Controller, and from Authorities which he had Recourse to in the Office of the Customs. The N umber of Ports included in this Account are Seventy-two; they are ranged in the following Order: The Head, sometimes also called Mother Ports, that is those Ports to which the Patent Officers are appointed, are placed in Alphabetical Order, and the Member Ports belonging to each Head Port are inserted in the same Order immediately after that Port Besides these Head and Member Ports, there are many Creeks included

in this Account; the Accounts for them are not distinguished, but blended with the Account of the Port to which they belong.

The Appointments of the Officers at the Out Ports are either by Patent from the Crown; by Constitution of the Board of Treasury; by Warrant of the Treasury, and Commission of the Board of Customs, pursuant to that Warrant; or, by the Commission of the Board of Customs; and in some Cases by the Order of that Board. The Appointment of the Deputies to the Patent Officers is by Deputation from the Patentee, subject to the Approbation of the Treasury, in those Cases where it is so expressed in the Patent. Some t>f the Officers at the Out Ports employ Persons as Clerks who have no Form of Appointment, and are paid by their Principals; Persons of that Description have not usually been considered as Officers of the Customs, and included in Accounts similar to this; such of them as appear to have received Fees or Gratuities are inserted in this Account, in Compliance with the Requisition of this Board. The Extra Officers at a Port, that is, Officers who are not constantly in the Service, are generally employed under the Authority of the Collector and Controller at the Port

The Collector and Controller at an Out Port, do not carry on the Collection of the Coal Duties under the Authority of their Appointments from the Treasury, but each by virtue solely of a Commission from the Board of Customs, for that special Service; all the Officers concerned in the Conduct of the Duties on Coals being, by the 9th and 1 oth of H'illiam the 3d, Chapter 13th, and the loth and 11th, Chapter 21st, directed to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs. Usually the Board appoint the Collector, and the Controller, if he executes his Employment himself, if not, the Deputy Controller at the Port, to that Duty. At Creeks, where there is no Collector, the Deputy Customer is generally appointed to collect the Coal Duties. Where the same Persons collect and controul the Coal, as well as other Duties, the Authority from the Board of Customs for their executing those Offices is not specified in this Account; where different Persons are appointed to the Coal Service by the Board, the Authority is inserted The Accounts of the Coal Duties collected at Creeks are passed with the Collector at the Port to which the Creek belongs, and by him with the Controller General, except in the Case of Leigh. The Commission of the Board of Customs for appointing Officers to conduct the Coal Service, does not impart to them those general Powers of seizing prohibited or uncustomed Goods, which are conveyed by other Commissions of the Board; it restricts the Rights of seizing to the Article of Coals, and the Ships or other Vesseles concerned in the Carriage thereof.

The Column of Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, includes all the Payments from the Crown to the Officer for himself, or for his Deputies and Clerks where the Allowance is made to him for them. The Quarantine Allowance, the Coinage, the Coal, and the enumerated Poundages, are likewise included in this Column, and, with the Metage and Commission, they comprehend all Payments made by the Crown to the Officers at the Out Ports, besides their Salaries; the Metage is an Allowance for measuring Coals, to Officers in the Customs appointed Meters by the Commission of the Board. The Rate of Poundage to the Collector and Controller of the Coal Duties, and of the Metage for the Measurement of Coals, are grounded upon the Warrant of the Treasury of the 19th of September 1699. Besides the Poundage and Metage, the Officers employed have sometimes Salaries for these Services, by Order of the Board of Customs.

Part of the Payments out of Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures at the Out Ports, consists of Allowances

to

2f Geo. IIL

2-6° Janu

to Officers as Commissioners For Superintending the Appraisement of seized Goods. The Writ of Appraisement issued from the Court of Exchequer for appraising Goods seized at an Out Port, i9 directed to the Collector, Controller, and Searcher at the Port; and in consequence of that Writ Two of them become Commissioners for calling in proper Persons to be the Appraisers of the Goods; for this Service the Two Commissioners are allowed, upon each Writ of Appraisement, Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence each, which is called Commission.

The Payments of every Species by the Crown to the Officers at the Out Ports, are made by the Collector at the Port, except the Salaries to the Patent Officers by virtue of their Patents, which are paid by the Receiver General of the Customs. Some of the Patent Officers have Salaries also upon the Establishment, and these are paid at the Port. All these Payments are made out of Custom Duties, except the Enumerated Poundage and Commission, which are made out of the Produce of Seizures, Fine3, and Forfeitures.

All the Officers at the Out Ports, whether established or incidental, are paid their Salaries and Allowances by the Collector at the Port, pursuant to an Authority transmitted to that Officer from the Board of Customs: If they are on the Establishment, this Authority is grounded upon, the Warrant issued Quarterly from the Treasury; if they are upon the Incidental List, the Authority originates with the Board of Customs. The Quarantine Allowance is paid by the Collector in consequence of an Annual Order sent from the Board, pursuant to the Warrant for that Purpose received by them from the Treasury. The Coinage Poundage is paid upon the Authority of the Treasury Warrant of the Year 1714; the Coal Poundage and the Metage, upon that of the Year 1699; both of course, without any Order from the Board of Customs. The Enumerated Poundage is paid pursuant to the original Minute of the Board of Customs of the 9th May 1728.

The Column of Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities, includes the Total Sum returned by each Officer at the Out Port, to have been by him received under those Heads of Emolument: The Particulars composing these Totals, or the respective Authorities, whether of Law or Usage, under which they were received, were in very few Instances stated in the Returns.

In the Column of Taxes are contained the Land Tax, the Shilling and Sixpenny Duties; being all

the Deductions to which the Emoluments of the Officers are liable on Account of Taxes. In this Column are also inserted, the Payments to the Superannuation Fund, by such Officers as are liable to that Deduction.

Where the Salary of the Officer does not exceed Sixty Pounds a Year, the Sum paid by him for the Land Tax is re-paid to him by the Collector, pursuant to an Annual Warrant of the Treasury authorizing such Re-payment.

The Payments to the Land Tax for Salaries which would have been on this Ground entitled to Re-payment, were not in general inserted in the Returns of the Officers, because, as he apprehends, they produced no Effect upon their Net Income; and they are none of them included in this Account: It appeared unnecessary to insert such Payments, as they are re-paid to the Officers by the Collector at the Port, and taken Credit for by him in his Account of Incidents for that Year.

The Articles which compose the Sums in the Column of Contingent Expences^ were not generally distinguished in the Returns; where they were so distinguished, the principal Articles were the Expence to Officers for Horses, kept by them for the Purpose of executing their Duty.

The Salary received by the Patent Officer, and all his Emoluments and Payments of every Kind, though belonging both to the Head Port and the Members and Creeks under it, if there are any, are in this Account collected into Totals, and placed under the distinct Heads to which they belong, in the Columns for the Head Port; and those Colums, as far as regards the Patent Officers, are left blank in the Member Ports: If it had been necessary, he could not have separated them, and placed to each Port the Proportion of tltese Totals which belonged to it, because the Patent Officers did not make such Distinctions, nor did the Returns from their Deputies supply him with the Information necessary for that Purpose.

None of the Officers or Mariners employed in the Cruizers belonging to the Customs, are included in this Account, nor were they in the Account returned for the Port of London. ‘

J.

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam! Beachcroft,

George Drummond, mil" Roe.

N# 3.

A LIST of the Ports in the Office of the Customs, with the Denomination by which they are

distinguished respectively.

Head Ports. Member Ports. Dates of Commissions.

London -. Mich* 19" Cha* 2d* Confirmed and approved, 31st August 1667, 28th July 1686, 6th October 1707.

Berwick - - 7th March, Geo. 2nd.

Bristol Vol, 42. ‘ ‘ ' Trinr, 1st Will" & Mary. D#, io,h Geo. 1". 14 May, 11 Geo. 3d. I. Boston

P

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

38 3,6° Januarii. A. 1787.

Head Ports, Member Ports. Dates of Commissions.

Boston - - Mich’, 28th Cha* 2d. 21st June, 12 Geo. 2d.

Bridgwater Minehead - - No Entry of a Commission appears in the Custom House Books.

Cabdiffe - Easter, 2d Ja* 2d.

Chepstow - - ' No Entry of a Commission appears in the Custom House Books. Easter, 2d Ja* 2d.

Swanzey -

Carlisle - m m m - Mich‘, 33d Cha* 2d. 22d July, 9,b Geo. 3d.

Whitehaven - - Mich’, 33d Cha* 2d.

Chester - - Mich*, 32d Cha* 2d. Hilary, 8th Ann.

Beaumaris - - Mich*, 32d Cha* 2d. 3d July, 9th Geo. i*'. Mich’, 32 Cha’ 2d.

Lancaster - -

12th Feby, 12,h Geo. 2*.

Liverpool - - Mich*, 32d Cha* 2d. 3d July, 9th Geo. 1".

Preston - 14th May, 33d Geo. 2d.

Chichester m m ~ Mich', 32d Cha* 2d.

Arundell - D°.

Newhaven - - D#.

Rye - . D*.

Shoreham - - D*.

Exeter — - Easter, 29* Cha’ 2d.

Barnstable - - D°.

Bideford - D*.

Dartmouth - - D#.

Ilfracombe - - D°.

Gloucester - No Entry of a Commission appears in the Custom House Books.

Hull - — m m 17th June, 4tk Geo. 2d.

Bridlington - - Mich*, 33d Cha* 2d. 17th June, 4<h Geo. 2*.

Scarbro’ " Mich*, 33d Cha’ 2d. 17th June, 4*h Geo. 2d.

IPSWICH „ - Mich*, 32d Cha* 2d.

Maldon - D*.

Colchester - D°.

Harwich - Easter, 5" W" & Mary.

Lynn - . Mich*, 28" Cha' 2d.

Wells - - 7th June, 5,h Geo. 2d. Mich*, 28th Cha* 2d. 7th June, 5th Geo. 2d.

Wisbech " Mich’, 28th Cha’ 2d. 7th June, 5Ih Geo. 2d.

Milford - m — m Easter, 2d Ja* 2d.

Aberystwith - - 9th March 2d Geo. 3d.

Cardigan - m Easter, 2d Ja’ 2d.

Llanelly - No Entry of a Commission appears in the Custom House Books.

Newcastle . - Mich*, 28,b Cha* 2d. 7th March, 26"1 Geo. 2d.

Stockton . Mich*, 28,h Cha* 2d.

' D% 35th D*. 6th June, 2d Geo. 2d.

Sunderland - D# 28,h Cha* 2d. 15th Feby, 6th Geo. 3d.

Whitby- . Mich*, 28,t Cha* 2d. 6th June, 2d Geo. 2d.

Plymouth - - Triny, 29" Cha* 2d. Mich*, 3d Ann.

Falmouth

Geo. III.

2(5° Januarii.

39

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Head Ports.

Poole

Sandwich -

Southampton

Yarmouth -

Member Ports.

Dates of Commissions.

Falmouth -

Fowey G week Looe -Padstow Penryn Penzance

St. Ives Scilly -Truro-

Lyme -Weymouth

Deal -Dover

Faversham

Rochester

Cowes

Portsmouth

Aldbro’

Blackney and Clay Southwold -Woodbridge-

TrinT, 29,h Cha* 2d.

Mich*, 3d Ann.

Trinr, 29th Cha* 2d.

Mich*, 3d Ann.

Trin)r, 29tk Cha* 2d.

D*.

D°.

D#.

11th July, 4,h Geo. 3d.

Trinr, 29" Cha* 2d.

No Entry of a Commission appears in the Custom House Books. Trinr, 29*" Cha* 2d.

Mich*, 3d Ann.

Easter, 31*' Cha* 2d.

D*.

D*.

Hilary, 28,h& 29,b Cha* 2d.

D°.

D".

27 Janr, 5U Geo. 2d.

Hilary, 28,h & 29th Cha* 2d.

D\

Mich’, 32" Cha’ 2d.

I)*.

D*.

Mich*, 28"" Cha* 2d.

21" June, i2,k Geo. 2d.

D°.

D*.

D*.

D°.

D*.

D\

DV D°.

A LIST of the Creeks, distinguishing the Ports to which they respectively belong.

CREEKS.

Alemouth Wainfleet Saltfleet ‘ Spaldbn Sutton -Holbeach Newport Aberthaw Leigh *

Neath -Workington -Parkgate Conway Carnarvon -Pulhely Barmouth -Holyhead

To what Ports belonging.

Berwick.

Boston.

Cardiflfe.

Maldon.

Swanzey.

Whitehaven.

Chester.

Beaumaris.

CREEKS.

Ulverstone -Poulton Hastings Eastbourne -Brighton Berkeley Grimsby Tenby -Haverfordwest Carmarthen -Blythnook -Hartlepoole -Folkstone -Milton

Queen bro’ -Lymington -

To what Ports belonging.

Lancaster.

- Preston.

Rye.

Shoreham.

- Gloucester.

- Hull.

:} Milford.

J Llanelly.

- Newcastle.

Stockton.

. Dover.

Faversham.

- Rochester.

Southampton.

Leigh, though a Creek, yet being one of the Accounting Ports, is generally included in the List of Out Ports.

Custom House, London,

20th April 1786. Secretary.

Vol. 42.

N‘4.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

40

26° Janu

A. 1787.

N* 4.

A LIST of the Offices of the Customs at the Out Ports, holden by Letters Patent, the Date of each Patent, with the Names of the Officers in Possession of the said Offices, and their respective Interest therein, as they stood in the Year 1784.

OFFICE. name. Date.

Sandwich:

Customer - - Matt* Brettingham, Esq' e - 31st Aug* 1772]

Controller - - ' Rob' Lathropp, Esq" - - 10 Mar. 1778 >

Searcher ... - Will® Hugessen, Esq" - - 2 Nov. 17O1J

Chichester:

Customer - Thomas Sanden, Esq" - - 29 Apr. 1761]

Controller - JWill® Higgens, Esq" - - j8 Mar. 1761

Searcher ... — ^Daniel Stow, Esq" - - 13 July 1780J

Southampton:

Customer - - Will- Brummell, Esq" - - 9 May 177ol 4 Nov. 1768 J 11 Nov. 1784 J

Controller - Rob1 Stannard, Esq" -

Searcher - - Josh Sherer, Esq" - -

Poole:

Customer - . Nath. Bond, Esq" - - - 9 Mar. 17611

Controller - Christ' Oliver, Esq'* - - - 17 Aug* 178 r J

Searcher* - Plymouth: John Wickens, Esq'* - 17 Dec. 17S3J

Customer . Biyan Cooke, Esq" - - - 2 Nov. 1765I

Controller -Searcher - Exeter: - Geo. Marshall, Esq" -(Vacant) 16 Sept. 1761/

Customer - . Rob* Hinde, Esq" - - - 22 JanT 1768I 3 April 17C11

Controller - - Philip Denoyer, Esq" - -

Searcher - - Will® Marshall, Esq" - 30 Aug. 1776J

Gloucester:

Customer or Collector - - John Pitt, Esq" - - 29 Apr. 1761I

Controller - Sam* Woodcock, Esq" - - 13 Mar. 1778 J-

Searcher - -Bristol: Gab* Harris, Esq" - 16 Oct 1761J

Customer Outw*‘ - Thomas White, Esq" - - 21 Oct' 1776I

Customer Inw<’ - - William Whitby, Esq" - - 14 July 17751

Controller - - Patrick Brydone, Esq" - - 27 Feb. 1782I

Searcher -. - Thomas Crauford, Esq" Thomas James, Gent" " , - 9 June 1775J 19 Mar. 1761]

v Ttr Josiah Taylor, Gent* . 21 Ditto

King s Waiters - <* ’ Francis Greville, Gent" William Berrow, Gent" - 8 Apr. 17781 ' 3 May 1780J

Bridgwater: 21 May 1768]

Customer - - James Mingay, Esq" Tho* Phelps, Jun', Esq" - -

Controller - - - Ditto j ]

Searcher* - Cardiff® and Swanzet: Rob* Smith, Esq" 5 May 1774J

Customer or Collect' - John Osborne, Esq" - - - 9 May 1770] 19 Dec' 1784, 1 6 Apl. 1761J

Controller - . Will" Boothby, Esq" - -

Searcher - - Edm* Traherne, Esq" - -

Milford:

Customer - James Piggott, Esq" - - - 6 April 17611

Controller - Edwd Warren Jones, Esq" - 17 June 1780) ]

Searcher* - Daniel Lloyd - - . " 1 Sep. 1768 J

Ipswich:

Customer - Sam1 Wollaston, Esq" - - 4 Feb. 1779I

Controller - - - m William Clarke, Esq" - 12 Nov. 1773> ]

Searcher* - kJ W® Barnard Clarke, Esq" 31 Mar. 1780J

Interest therein.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure. Yarmouth

27 Geo. III.

OFFICE.

Yarmouth: Customer -Controller -Searcher* -

Lynn Regis: Customer -Controller -Searcher -

Customer -Controller -Searcher* -

Customer -Customer -Controller -Searcher -

Boston

Hull:

Carlisle:

Customer -Controller -Searcher -

Newcastle: Customer Outwd‘

Customer low11* -

Controller -Searcher -

Customer -Controller -Searcher -

Berwick:

Chester:

Customer -Controller -Searcher -

26° Januarii.

4i

NAME. Date, Interest therein.

Henry Negus, Esq" -Geo. Thompson, Esq" Josh Ramey, Esq" - 11 Apl. 1761] 19 Jan. i77qt 9 Oct' ,764/ During Pleasure.

Rob' Hales, Esq" -Philip Case, Esq" -Nich* Lee, Esq" 25 July 17721 30 Mar. 1761 I 13 Alar. 1778J During Pleasure.

Tristram Twell, Esq" Herbert Ingram, Esq" William Blaydwin, Esq" - 29 Apr. i76n 21 Alay 1784} 15 Nov. 1779J During Pleasure.

Marmaduke Best, Esq" Richard Moorsom, Esq" -Portius Smith, Esq" -Ch* Wm Michell, Esq" - 11 Apr. 1761' 26 July 1770 13 July 1776 ' l5Janr 1782 During Pleasure.

Benson Fearon, Esq" Peter Garrick, Esq" -Will® Brownrigg, Esq" 27 Feb. 17731 8 Apl. 1761 L 6 D* 1761] During Pleasure.

Rob' Williams, Esq" -/Sr Jennison W" Gordon, and \William Charlton, Esq" -Charles Turner, Esq" George Ramus, Esq" 27 Feb. 1773-1 8 Apl. 1782 I 25 July 1772 [ 19 Deer 1783J During Pleasure.

David Stow, Esq" -John Constable, Esq" John Burne, Esq" - 1 Febr 1762] 11 Nov. 17671 7 Oct. 1772J During Pleasure.

John Pelham, Esq" -Sr John Burgoyne, Bar‘ Jeremiah Robinson, Esq" - 8 Apl. 1760 9 May 1770}-12 Oct. 1775J During Pleasure.

These Officers, though anciently Patent Officers, are appointed by Constitution.

and still considered as such,

Custom House,

a 1st April 1786.

W. Stiles, Secretary.

N* 5.

An ACCOUNT of the Patent and other Officers at the several Out Ports, who execute their Offices by Deputy, with the Names of the Offices, Officers, and their Deputies respectively, as they stood in the Year 1784.

Head Ports. OFFICES. PATENTEES. DEPUTIES. Members. Creeks.

Bristol - ’'Customer Outw" -Cust' Inwards Comptroller - Searcher ^King’s Waiters Tho‘ White Will* Whitby -Patrick Brydone That Craufurd- Th<? James Josiah Taylor -Fran' Greville -WillmBerrow - AntT Palmer Collings Cha. Harford -Fran’ Hamond -Tho* Bevan Th* Farr Ellison John Smith John Brittan Onesiphorus Norman Tho* Dunbar -

Vo i. 4?. M Berwick

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts*

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

43

26° Januarii.

A. 1787

Head Ports.

OFFICES.

/'Customer

BEm"CK < Comptroller

Searcher

Boston

Customer

Comptroller Searcher

Customer

Bridgwater Comptroller

Searcher

s.

'Customer

Cardiffe - (

Comptroller

v Searcher

Carlisle -

(Customer

Comptroller

Searcher

Chester -

Customer

PATENTEES.

DEPUTIES.

David Stow -

John Constable, super-

intended the Business himself at Berwick -

Tristram Tuell, acted himself at the Head "N Port -

Herbert Ingram, acted f himself at the Head < Port - - -[

Will. Bladuyn -

Jot Min gay - - j

That Phelps, acted himself at the Heat; Port -

RoV Smith

f Rob' Pearson \ Tho* Bailey -In° Thomson

Wm Ilindmarsh

In® Thomson John Gray -

Tho’ Palmer -Jos* Western -John Everard Geo. Tomliu -John Ash - Tho* Ealand -Rob' Sanderson

John Handley acts himself

Sam. Smith Rich11 Coxe -

John Rawle -

Sam. Smith John Trott -

Ednr/ Train.;

ne

Jit Osborne

IF" Boothby

Paul Price . J Cha' Bassett -' Selwyn James W® Jeffreys -. Ben" Howell -

r Evan Thomas Dav*1 Jones -Cha' Bassett -John Sevs Tho* Popkins <Tho* Lcyson -

EAnd Traherne -

Benson Fearon, acted himself at the Head* Port -

Richd Price Tho* Jones -Cha* Bassett -John Seys Walter Tucker s. Will® Lcyson-

Tho* Pearson

Peter Garrick -IVm Brownrig -

John Pelham -

-1

-J

Ja* Robertson Will" Wilson George Hall -, Rob* Jackson I John Dunn -

'Cha* Hawker Edd Williams -Will® Sparrow Will" Owen -Tho* Lewis -Griffith Thomas " ( John Lloyd -Lewis Lloyd -Rob' Foxcroft Tho5 Birch -Henry Hamer Tho* Fenton -John Bisbrowne

Members.

Minehead

D®

Minehead

Chepstow

Swanzey

Cietks.

Alemouth

Alemouth

Alemouth

Wainflect

Sallflcet

Spalding

Sutton

Hoi beach

Waintleet

Saliticet

Spalding

Ci epstow Swanzey

Chepstow

Swanzey

Whitehaven

Whitehaven

Whitehaven

Beaumaris

Newport

Aberthaw

Neath

Newport

Aberthaw

Neath

Newport

Aberthaw

Neath

Workington

Lancaster

Liverpool

Preston

Parkgate

Conway Carnarvon Pulhely Barmouth Ilol head

Ulverstone

Poulton

Chester

a7 Geo. Ill

26° JanuariL

Head Ports. OFFICES. PATENTEES.

Comptroller - - 1 S' John Burgoyne

Chesteu continued N s Searcher - - 1 Jcr1 Robinson -

''Customer Tho- Sanden I I

Chichester1 \ Comptroller - Will* Iligg-

--Searcher Dan1 Stow

''Customer Rob1 Hinde

Comptroller - PhilfDenoyer -

Exeter <

Searcher V John Marshall -

Vo I. 42.

DEPUTIES.

\r

Joseph Dyson Hump’' Read -Will" Williams -Rich' Williams -Will" Knight -Wm Griffith Griffith Pryse -Henry Wynn Tho* Clarkson -Mich. Thomas -Edmd Rigby John Thomas -

Sam1 Swan Rob* Lloyd Pet' Hughes Jones Rich11 Williams -John Williams -Maurice Williams Henry Parry John Sheppard -Ja’ Smethurst -John Bankes Scrope Colquitt

John Gosnell -

Members.

Creeks,

N

Till Hollier Will" Carleton -John Buckley -Tho* Phillips Lamb Tho* Evitt C* Smith Mortimer John Roberts *

Peter Simon Sam1 Cobby Tho* Broad Richd Rogers Rich4 Butler John Thatcher -Henry Mandy -Hugh Roberts -I John Wells ''Tho* Hollier Rob* Emery Benj" Brooicer -Will- Dansays -Geo. Page Ch* Smith Mortimer

{John Smith John Tucker Tho* Grant Tho* Skinner Peter Fosse

{Bernard Besly In* Wood Oram Ja* Hicks -John Browne Thomas Jans Jam* Charter Rich4 Garland Sim" Kingston -Will® Tancock -Gab1 Spreat Jn° Wood Oram Lewis Anthony -Henry Phillips -Arthur Eames -Tho* Wolfe Rich' Valentine -I. Will" Fairchild

Beaumaris

Lancaster

Liverpoole Preston

Beaumaris

Lancaster

- I Liverpoole Preston

Parkgate

Conway

Carnarvon

Pulhely

Barmouth

Holyhead

Uiverstone

Poulton

Parkgate

Conway

Carnarvon

Pulhely

Barmouth

Holyhead

Pile Foudrey

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Poulton

Arundell Newhaven Rye

Shoreham

Arundell Newhaven Rye

Shoreham

Arundell Newhaven Rye

Shoreham

Barnstable Bideford Dartmouth I Ilfracombe |

Barnstable Bideford Dartmouth Ilfracombe

Hastings

Eastbourne

Brighton

Hastings

Eastbourne

Brighton

Hastings

Eastbourne

Brighton

Barnstable Bideford Dartmouth I

Topsham

Exmouth

Tingmouth

Brixham

Torkey

Salcombe

Gloucester

Fifteenth Repot t on Public Account*.

44

a 6° Januarii.

A. 1787.

Head Ports.

OFFICES.

1

Customer

Gloucester Comptroller

Searcher

Customers

Hull - - ( Comptroller

Searcher

Customer

Ipswich - /

Comptroller -

Searcher

Customer

Ltnn - - { Comptroller -

Searcher

Customer

Milford -< Comptroller -

.Searcher

(I

PATENTEES.

DEPUTIES.

Will0 Gillman

John Pitt, attend* in' Person -Sam1 Woodcock, attend*, in Person Gab1 Harris, attend"1 in' Person -

f Nich* Wight Marmot Best - -s W" Williamson [ TimT Otbie -Rich1 Moorsom - - Hugh Ker

Portius Smith, acted f Jn4 Waters -himself at Hull - Jn° Robinson

Newcastle

f Customer Outwards D* Inwards - -|j

O WM Michel -

Sam! Wollaston -

W" Clarke

Wm Barni Clarke, act-

ed himself at Ipswich |

RoP Hales Philip Case Nich* Lee

Jet Pig got t

Ed. Warren Jones

Davf Lloyd

w

t

Members.

Creeks.

Berkley

Draper Dring Tho* Kendall -W" Williamson

Tho* Folkard Tho* Wiltshire W° Crowder -I Will0 King -[John White -

(John Spalding I John Whiley Antr Runnacles I Stevens Collings V John Argent -Tho5 Edsall -Ja* Pulham -W° Whitefield In* Draper -

Jn4 Vancouver Cha* Boyles -George Hewes Sam' Lane Rob* Jeary -Tho* Wraight-Tho5 Gillius In* Boyles Walker Wraight

/ John Booth Rob' Reed Owen Edwards I Pierce Evans -W° Pavey Cuthbert Morris Howell Lazarus Thomas

''John Tucker

Will0 Smyth -

Rob* Batem" Prust -

" { John Pierce -

John Bowen -

Tho* Bowen -

John Wilson -

C Cha* Tucker Tho* Williams John Williams - { Cha* Griffith -Daniel G wynn

Geo. Rhydders

Rob* Williams -

S' Jerf Wm Gordon Wilt* Charlton -

(Tho* Pittiloh John Tousey Rob1 Jackson Cha* Simpson In* Williamson Rob* Preston -Luke Elstob -W° Yeal - In* Douglass

1

Bridlington Scarbro’

Bridlington Scarbro*

Bridlington Scarbro’

Colchester

Harwich

Leigh

Maldon

Colchester

Harwich

Leigh

Maldon

Colchester

Harwich

Leigh

Maldon

Wells

Wisbech

Wells

Wisbech

Wells

Wisbech

Aberystwith

Cardigan

Llanelly

Abervstwith

Cardigan

Llanellv

Aberystwith

Cardigan

Llanelly

Sunderland

Stockton

Whitby

Tenby

Iaverfordwcst

Carmarthen

Tenby

Iaverfordwcst

Carmarthen

Tenby

laverfordwest

Carmarthen

Blvthnook

Hartlepoole

New

'CASTLE

27 Geo. III.

26° Januarii.

Head Ports.

OFFICES.

f Comptroller

Newcastle continued {

Searcher

Customer

PATENTEES.

Chis Tur

Geo. Ramus -

Plymouth - / Comptroller

v;

Searcher -

r,

Customer -

Poole - - < Comptroller

.Searcher -

r

Sandwich -

Customer -

SComptroller -

Bryan -

Geo. Marshall

Vacant -

Nath! Bond -

Vacant -

Jit Wickens -

DEPUTIES.

''Rob* Page Amor Pattison Will- Gooch -John Ayers -AnthT Johnson t Tho' Parkin, Junr

Ja* Pow Tho* White -Ja' Nicholson John Robinson

W" Munckman

Elias Govett*

Sam1 Pellew -John Courts -Will" Johns -In° Witter Cha* Phillips -Rob1 Crowgey -John Scobell -Tho* Wallis - John Tippett -

John Newton RowT Platt Henry Couche Tho* Moore -R11 Puddicom, be Walter Oke John Dyer Edw*1 Hosking-Benj" Tom Th‘ Hichens, J' Rob* Palmer -

"Andrew Hill Dan1 Pender -R* Park' Flamank

' Walter Oke -Dan1 Sonder -In’ Treluddra -William Harry Martin Sholl -

X

{John Lander -John Warren -Will" Weston -

f R‘ Humb' Weston J W" Peterson -[ Jona" Fowler -

f Tho* Courtin < Art' Raymond -' I John Crouch -

Will" Jordan Benj" Sayer Ja* Gunman -Matt. Brettingham - < Careless Franklin

John Sea -In* Nightingale ^Geo. Evans Baker

/Benj" Denne I Jacob Friend -1 Rooth Colebran J Rob* Mein ' Geo. Budds In’ Nicholson -Ja* Ongley

Rob' Lathropp

45

Members.

Sunderland

Stockton

Whitby

Sunderland

Stockton

Whitby

Falmouth

Fowey

Gweek

Looe

Padstow

Penryn

Penzance

S' Ives

Truro

Falmouth

Fowey

Gweek

Looe

Padstow

Penryn

Penzance

Scilly

S‘ Ives

Truro

Falmouth

Fowey

Gweek

Looe

Padstow

Penryn

Penzance

S' Ives

Truro

Lyme

Weymouth

Lyme

Weymouth

Lyme

YVeymouth

Deale

Dover

Faversham

Rochester

Deale

Dover

Faversham

Rochester

Creeks.

Blythnook

Hartlepoole

Blythnook

Hartlepoole

6*

u

0*

<D

XS

4->

so

*u

a

-a

-o

‘S

Milton

Queenbro*

Milton

Queenbro*

Vol. 42.

N

Sandwich

Fifteenth Keport on Public Accounts.

4<S

26° Januarii.

A. 1787.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Head Ports.

OFFICES.

PATENTEES.

DEPUTIES.

Sandwich -continued*

[Searcher

| Coast waiter, -

appointed by Treasury Warrant

Wm Huge

Rich4Wrest

Customer

Southampton/Comptroller -

Searcher

Yarmouth

Customer

Comptroller -

Searcher

- I Wm Brummell-

RoiVStannard

I Jos. Sherer, acted him-, 1 self at Southampton

/"John Jordan Wm Collman -Richd Cowley --J James Stone -Henry Grace -Tho’ Harwood - v Geo. Evans Baker John Sea -

Step" Lintott . Will- Trattle -( Cha* Roe -J Henry Roe

{ Will- Watson Jos. Wickendon Jn° Rusbworth James Peers -

Will" Trattle -W" Holloway -Geo. Walton -

'Tho5 Dade E4 Bunniss

Members.

Deale

Dover

Faversham

m

Rochester

Cretks.

Cowes Portsmouth

Cowes

Portsmouth

Cowes

Portsmouth

Hen? Negus -

Aldbro’

I r Blackney

- / T’ Riches Humphrey j and Clay

Will" Mewse - -

<Rob‘ Rissowe -

Geo. Thompson, J' Sam' Aldrich -

Geo. Thompson - - ( Nich* Abbs

Geo. Patrick -In° Thorne

/ Rob* Clabon George Crabbe

Josb Ramey

Southwold Wood bridge

Aldbro’

Blackney and Clay

Southwold W ood bridge

Aldbro’

Milton

Queenbro’

Milton

Symington

Lymington Lymington

- Rob' Howard -

Gab1 Clifton -Miles Lane

f Blackney { and Clay

Southwold W'ood bridge

Custom H* London, nth Feb? 17 86.

IV. Sides,

Secretary.

27 Geo. III.. a6° Januarii. 47

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N* 6.’

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Salaries, Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities received by the several Officers of the Customs, and their Deputies, at the Out Ports; distinguishing by what Authority they are respectively appointed; with the Payment for Taxes, Deputies, Clerks, and other Contingent Expences, all distinguished under their several Heads; and the Net Produce received by each Officer, for the Year 1784.

INDEX OF THE PORTS.

FOLIO. . FOLIO.

Berwick - - - 48 Lynn - 75

Wells - - , - - - 76

Boston - - 48 Wisbech - - - 77

Bridgwater - 49 Milford m 77

Minehead - - > 50 Aberystwith - - - - 78

Cardigan - 79

Bristol - - 50 Llanelly - - - - 79

Cardiffe _ _ 52 Newcastle - _ - 80

Chepstow - - - > .53 Stockton - - - 81

S - - - - 53 Sunderland - - - - 82

% Carlisle Whitby . - - 83

- - - 54

Whitehaven - - - 55 Plymouth - - - - 83

Falmouth - v - - 84

Chester - - - 55 Fou-ey m - - 85

Beaumaris - - - 5b Gweek - - 86

Lancaster - - - 58 Looe - - - 86

Liverpool - - - 59 Padstorw - - 86

Preston - - - 61 Penryn - - - 87

Penzance - - - 87

Chichester - - - - 61 & Ives - - - 88

Arundell - - - - 62 Truro - - - 89

N - - b3 Scilly - - - 89

Rye - - - b3

Shoreliam - - - - 65 Poole - - - - 89

Lyme - - - 90

Exeter - - - - 65 Weymouth - - - - - 9i

Barnstaple - - - 67

B - - - 67 Sandwich - - - - " 9i

Dartmouth - - 68 Deal - - - " 92

Ilfracombe - - - 69 Dover - - - - 93

Faversham - - - 94

Gloucester m - - 69 Rochestei' - - - 95

Hull _ - 69 Southampton - - - - 95

Bridlington . - - 7i Cowes - - - 97

Scarborough - - - - 72 Portsmouth - * 97

Ipswich - _ . 73 Yarmouth - - - - 98

Colchester . - - 73 Aldborough - - - 99

Leigh mm - - - 73 Blacktiey and Clay - - 100

Harwich - mm - - 74 Southzivld " - - - 100

Maldon - - - 74 Woodbridge m 100

Vol. 42.

BERWICK

g

<Qm

t — h

n'

CD

CL

cT

o

o

00

PORT. OFFICERS NAMES.

BERWICK -

BOSTON

David Stow John Constable

John Burn -Samuel Burn

Rl Gladstone, Junr

Thomas Bailey -John Thompson -

James Pearson John Thompson -John Gray -James Todd John Sleigh \Vm Patterson, Junr

Six

James Cowen Robert Forster \V"Chisholme Fra* Collingwood, Jr

Twelve

One

John Turnbull

Officers employed in

EMPLOYMENTS,

Customer -Controller - -

Enumerated Poundage -Searcher: -Collector -Coal Poundage E.P.

Dep7 Custr at Berwick -

Appraising Seized Goods -DeprCustr at Alemouth Depr Contr at Berwick

Appraising S. G.

Coal P. -Acting for Contr at Alemouth Dep* Search' at Berwick Dep* Search* at Alemouth -Land* and Tide Surveyor Landing Waiter -D° -Tidewaiters Weighing Porter Riding Surveyor Riding Officer D° -

Coast Waiters

By what Authority appointed.

Pateut

D*

D*

Warrant -

Deputation

Patentee

D«

D°

from

Tristram Twell Herbert Ingram

John Colby

W® Blaydwin W" Brand -

John C'heyney Robert Wilby Sam1 Reynolds

Coal Meter f Deputy Controller at Ale- 1 \ mouth, to 26th Feb* - / Boardings and Weighings

Four

Customer -Controller -E. P. -Coal P. -fContr of the Coal Duties,! L to 2d April - - -J

Searcher -Collector -E. P.

C. P.

Surveyor -Waiter and Searcher -D° ..... f Tidewaiters and Boat- f-2 men -

Patentee -

Dfep* from Patentee D°

Warrant -D0 D°

D*

D°

D«

D0

D°

D*

Board of Customs D°

Dep* from Patentee -

Totals

Patent

D°

Board of Customs

Constitution Win rant -

D0

D0

I)0

D°

Board of Customs

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

24---

5----

198

20---

80---

— 7 3 1 5 6

— 10 6

— 10 6

— 3 7 i

30-----

45-----

30-----

30-----

150----

26-----

80-----

40-----

40-----

360----

— 13 3|

3 11 5

29 18 io£

998 9 7l

31 t6 8 12 9 2

5 6

28 2

284

30-----

7 1

56 4 4i

50-----

35-----

35-----

87 11 6

B ? R

rtf

a;"- a

g

CQ

r — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

O

O

00

o

o

r

to

BRIDGWATER

John Brand -Mary Stanwell

W" Kingston

Thomas Palmer -George Tomlin Anth* Spurr 1 homas llardy George Marshall -Rob1 Thorpe Rob* Ilird -Owen Scotney

Eighteen

Wainfleet. Thomas Palmer -Thomas Ealand -

Five

Saltfleet.

Joshua Western -R* Sanderson

Four

Spalding. John Everard John Handley

Sutton. George Tomlin

Holbeach. John Ash -

James Mingay Thomas Phelps

Rob* Smith -Sam1 Smith-

D* . D° -

John Crandon John Came -

James Bowles

Joel Quarrell

Three

Two

One

Four

One

Watchman -

Sweeper -

’ Head Supervisor of the Riding Officers Riding Surveyor -D° and Rid* Officer Riding Officer -D° -D° - -

D® and Coastwaiter D° and D°-Coastwaiter Coal Meters

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal Meters

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal Meters

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller

Deputy Customer

Deputy Customer

Customer -Controller -

Enumerated Poundage Searcher -Collector -Coal P.

E. P. and C.

Deputy Customer Deputy Searcher Surveyor -Landing Waiter -Tidewaiters -

Commr of the Boat Boatmen -Additional D#

Controller of Coal Duties

Coal Meters Extra D® -

D®. 10

D® - 2 10 —

Warrant - 71 — 7

D® - 60

D® - 50.13 6i

D® - 35

D° - 40 8 si

D° - 26 —

D* - 35 —

D° - 35 —

D° - 35 >o 8

Board of Customs

Depn from Patentee D® -Board of Customs

Dep* from Patentee D° -Board of Customs

Depn from Patentee D® -

D®

D°

Totals -

Patent

D° -and Commission Constitution Warrant -

Dep" from Patentee D* -Warrant -D® -Do-Do -D° -D® -

D® -Board of Customs Totals-

232 ‘5 4$

33 8 8i

17 13 1

1,068 --- IO

28----

4----

25----

- 6 8j

Gives up his whole Emoluments to his Two Deputies

- - 10 —

- - 2 10

2 12 — 73 12

- - 60 —

- - 60 13

- - 35 —

- - 40 8

- - 26 —

- - 35 —

— 9 — 35 9

- - 35 10

69 15 7i 302 11

8 8 4 8 8

8 8 4 8 8

- - 33 8

9 9 — 9 9

9 9 — 9 9

— — 17 >3

7 4 — 7 4

3 12 3 12

2 2 — 2 2

2 9 6 2 9

176 3 1.448 3

140 7 10

29 16 3

7

si

168 7 10 155 2 ni

70 — 26 15 6

~ 6 9i

50-----

40-----

75-----

30-----

50-----

15-----

Poundage.

»3 7 8$

Metagt.

102 8 9

526 5 5?

20 — ---

20----

17 1 nj

11 1

7 J9 — 6 10 —

212 16 — i

114 4 2:

20-----

11 1 — 57 19 — 46 10 —

75-----

30-----

50-----

15 - —

13 7 81 8 9.

102

759

5 i

264

2 — 8

— 10 8

— 10 8

' — 10 8

— 10 8

— 10 8

— 10 8

----8

2

8

1 10 — 1 5 —

— 17 6

— 13 —

— 17 6

— 17 6

— 17 6

— 1 4

— 8

20 11

8 17 — 5 4 3i

1 IO ---

l6 11 3}

13 19

85----

40 IO --

1 5 —

1-----

1 17 6

— 15 —

1 5 —

- 7 6

6 10 —

40 10 —

1 — 7

1 5 ~

— 13 6J

— 8 5}

— 10 8

— 3 — 176

-----9

-----9

15 4 6

10---

2 10 —

69 — 8

4

4

55 4 48 4 33 11 10 38 9 4

24 >6 4

33 11 10 34 — 10

34 «o

302 2 10I

8 5 4

8 5 4

31 19 iof

9 9 —

9 9 —

17 *2 5i

7 4 —

3 12 —

213

2 8 9

J.3>3 8 3i

6 7

— 12 6

— 371

"7 14 3 49 18 8

112

8 i

2 1 8$

20----

9 18

56 14 — 45 10 —

73 2 6

29 5 — 48 15 — 14 12 6

13 7 8f

102 8 9

<1

o

w

o

ON

o

V

1.

693 8 5j 4*

VO

>g w

o 0 <t

o y o c £. "i 3 SI F o*

g

(Q

— H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

PORT.

O

FFICERS NAMES.

EMPLOY MENTS.

MINEHEAD.

James M ingay Tho* Phelps Rob1 Smith -Richard Coxc

D° -

John Rawle -

John Trott -

D° - -

Giles Laverance -William Coombe -

William Horne

Edward Trott

Two

Three

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector - -

Coal P.

E. P. and C.

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. and C.

Deputy Searcher Landing Waiter -

D° -

\\ aiter and Searcher -Coal Metage D° at Porlock C.M. -Collector’s Clerk -Tidewaiters -

Tide waiters and Boatmen C.M.

Two Extra Weighers -Two Extra Tidewaiters

fiRISTOL

'Thomas White William Whitby Patrick Brydone Tho* Craufurd Tho* Janies -

Customer Outwards Customer Inwards Controller - -

Searcher -King’s Waiter

Josiuh Taylor Fran* Greville Willm Berrow John Powell

Fran* Ilammond

Anl- Palmer Collings -C’hailes Harford John Smith -

J ubn Brittun, from 4th Aug1

D° - -

D° - .

Dw - .

Collector - -

Coal P.

Coinage Poundage

Quarantine Allowance -E. P. -Depy Controller -Coal P.

Q. A.- -

E. P. -Depy Customer Outwd* Deputy Customer Inwards -Deputy King’s Waiter -

D° - - - J Year

By what Authority appointed. Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officers) to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment.

Patent -1 D° - -1 Constitution -Warrant - Depn from Patentee -D* D* Warrant -D° D* Board of Customs Warrant -D° Collr and Contr 1)0 SeeBridgwater. 40 . 12 »4 3* 8 2 IO 6 7 1 i 6 2 35 35 30 — — 19 *6 11 20 1 9 2 50 75 10 18 7 28 — 3 10 — 111 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 O O 1 1 1 4 1 1 1 < 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 6182 34 *2 5 13" 10 13 4 10 13 4 14 6 6 2 10 — 67 — 911 6 <5o — 7i 51 6 2 5 >3 — 45 13 4 45 13 4 } 64 3 5 23 19 2 56 7 — } 95 10 1 28 — 3 10 — — 15 — — 18 — — 5 — — 17 6 — 176 — 15 — 10 1 5 — 1 17 6 10 mm wJ m - 50 — 7i 20 5a 6 2 4 *5 ~ 44 *5 10 44 15 10 63 5 23 9 2 55 2 — 93 12 7 2 8 — 3 IO —

Totals - 352 18 Ai 30 101 5 8£ 484 4 U 1 13 — 676 IO — - 466 3 7

Patent - 57 1 - 423 > 3 480 1 3 16 4 6 ... 40 1 5 ~ 42a 11 9

D# 57 - 357 2 4 4H 4 16 4 6 ... 20 376 17 10

3» >3 4 - 3*3 17 8£ 345 11 — 15 11 10 - 30 — — ... 299 19 2|

w 54 918 7 4 972 7 4 8 4 - . m 106 4 - «57 19 +

Constitution 25 \ - 30 5 ml 55 5 10J a m m — 5 — IO — - 45 — 10J

D# 25 3° 5 55 5 10J — m m — 5 — line) no Deputy £ the Year. 5 50 — io§

D° 25 - 30 5 10A 55 5 iof - — 5 — 10 - 45 — lot

D° 25 30 5 10A 55 5 loi - — 5 — 10 - 45 — iof

Treasury Warrant 840 511 8 23 5 5: :: . 886 14 — j 80 9 4$ 140 606 4 8

Depn from Patentee - 12 5 11J ,3o 2 15 IO 9 m 30 m om m 493 4 7 C70 7 9 16 4i 80 580 10 iij

D° 5 6 iof m a 4« 392 15 7 432 15 7 - - - . - 126 17 1 3 7 4 302 11 2

Depn from the Patentee 20 20 245 10 — 285 10 — - - 65 15 <5 163 218 8 3

D° - IO 84 16 — 94 16 — — 5 — — 5 — - ... 94 6 —

D° 5 40 45 — 2 6 — 2 6 ' ‘I 44 15 —

C-Tf

o

ON

o

OO

o

to

J

Onesipborus Norman -Leighton Wood - -I

Tho* Dunbar - - >

from 4th March Robert Collings, and Tho* Farr Ellison, from 15 October Tho* Be van -Tho* Rothley "no* Bawn -Sam1 Lowder Rob1 Houlton Lawrence Ormerod Henry Casamajor William Tucker -from 14 Jan* 1784 John Ellison Tho* Blackwell -Ja* Edwards Jn° Ferry -Wm Jolleff -Abr® Bodman Cook Ja* Rumsey Tho‘ Edwards Matthew Mease -Henry Casamajor Hob1 Shute, from 12 Jany John Wilkins, and Leighton Wood -Edmd Turberville Edwd Pye Chamberlayne Wm Reeve -

Tho* Miles -

Three

Five

Five

Two

D°

D°

Deputy Searcher Deputy Searcher

D°

Checque Clerk -Examiner -Jerquer

Landing Surveyor D°

D®

D®

Landing Waiter -D®

D°

D°

D°

D°

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

Deputed Searcher D®

Coast Waiter

{Super in tendant of the Weighers Weighing Porters Noon Tenders -Night Watchmen Watchmen within Doors

D

D®

D®

D°

D°

- Treasury Warrant D°

D°

D°

D*

D*

D°

D°

D®

D®

D®

D°

Do

D®

D°

D°

Do

D®

D°

D°

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

Do

2 6

- 40 — -

50 —

- 90 —

- 100 —

100 — 100 —

- 97 5

50 " 50 — 50 — 5Q —

- 50 —

50 —

- 50 —

50 —

- 50 —

- 49 4

50 —

50 — 50 —

- 40 —

- 35 —

- 90 —

- 9i 5

- 125 —

50 —

Sarah Daniell

James Cadell Jn° Tandey -

Geo. Luther

Twenty Twenty-five Edwd Nicholls

One

Josiab Godfrey

Wm Chambers W- Farr -Philip Wright

One

Six

Housekeeper -

Warehouse Keeper Tide Surveyor -

Q. A. - -

D®

Q.A. - -Tidewaiters on the Superior List D® on the Inferior List -Tide Surveyor at Sea Mills -Boatman ~

f Waiter and Searcher at St. \

\ Augustine’s Back - -J D° at the Lime Kilns Tide Surveyor at Pill -D®

Boatman -

Tidewaiters and Boatmen

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

Do

D°

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

Do

D®

- 40 —

- 40 —

50 —

8 5

- 50 —

8 5

- 700 —

- 750 —

50 —

- 30 —

20 —

20 — 60 — 60 —

- 30 —

- 180 --

io -

10 — -

7 10 7 io

162 8 — 172 8 — — 5 — — 5 ——

109 6 10 119 6 10

Unknown. 9 16 8 - - - — l 2 - -

50 — 10 57 10 10 - - - - "

- 33 *3 _ 73 >3 — 1 — — 1 — — 40 — — 1 12 —

- 110 15 6 160 >5 6 l 5 — 1 5 — 8 8 — 2 17 —

- 53 15 — *43 >5 — 1 10 — 1 10 — 20 ——

- 59 — — >59 — — 7 10 — 2 10 — - -

- 90 — — 190 — — 7 10 — 2 10 ——

- 90 — — 190 — — 7 JO — 2 10 ——

- 88 — — 185 5 1 7 8 75 2 8 7i - -

- 128 12 4 178 12 4 1 5 — 1 5 ——

- 53 15 — 103 !5 - 1 5 — 1 5 ——

- 93 H 6 >43 >4 6 1 5 — 1 5 - "

- "7 — — 167 — — 1 5 — 1 5 — -

- 133 16 — 183 16 — 1 5 — 1 5 ——

- 89 17 — >39 >7 — i 5 — 1 5 — - -

- 127 (5 — >77 6 — 1 5 — 1 5 — - -

- 121 10 — 17 > 10 — 1 5 — 1 5 - 10 —

- M7 10 — >97 10 — 1 5 — r 1 5 — - "

- 90 9 — >39 >3 — 1 5 — 1 5 ——

146 12 — 196 12 — 1 5 — 1 5 -

- 184 10 10 234 10 10 1 5 — 1 5 — 6 16 — - -

- 175 H 6 225 >4 6 1 5 — 1 5 — 6 16 — - -

- 92 4 8 >32 4 8 1 — 1 - ~ ~ "

15 — — 50 - — >7 6 -

« . _ -; 90 - 2 5 ——

- - - - 9> 5 — - - - 2 5 7i - - - - "

- - - - >25 — - - - 3 2 6 - -

_ 50 - 1 5 — - - - " -

f 20 -

- - - - 40 — — 1 for a Servant J

27 12 — 67 12 — 1 — — 1 ——

" 73 11 9\ >3> 16 9 1 5 — 1 5 ——

- 62 — 9 \ 120 5 9 1 5 — 1 5 ——

>7 10 ——

- - 750 — — - - m 18 >5 — - ~ ~ *

12 1 — 62 1 — 1 5 — 1 5 — - - m *

- - - - 30 - — >5 — - " *

- 2 H 6 22 >4 6

3 8 8 23 8 8 - - - — 10 ——

- 85 — >45 — — 1 10 — 1 10 - - "

100 10 6 160 10 6 1 10 — 1 10 — — "

- 30 - — >5 — - - - m " "

- - - - 180 - 4 10 — - - " *

171 18 — 118 16 10

9 >5 6 57 10 10

70----

30 > ~

147 — 6 120 15 —

149----

180----

180 -

>75 7 10

176 2 4 101 5 —

1+1 4. 6

I64 IO --

181 6 —

137 7 — 174 16 —

168 10 —

195----

137 3 — 194 2 —

4 10 8 6 8

225

130 4 4926

87 15 —

88 19 4f 121 17 6 4* 15 —

20----

65 12 —

129 6 9

1*7 15 9 682 10 — 731 5 —

59 — *9 5 — 22 4 6

22 18 8

142----

157 >0 6

29 5-

175 10 —

Cn

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

g

cq'

n’

CD

Q_

cr

POET. OFFICERS NAMES.

BRISTOL Emanuel Jones

coni'1. Two

James Price

Twenty-five

Twenty-five

Sundry

One

One

Six

Francis Daniell -Thomas Andrews -Thomas Abbott -Jesse Barrett John Jones -

Ja# Mounsher

In® Cha* Stewart -John Peter* -William Williams Cornelius Gillam -

CARDIFFE.

John Osborne Will* Booth by Edmund Traherne D°

D°

Edward Jones

Alexr Wilson

Newport.

Paul Price -

Thomas Jones D®

David Jones D°

Thomas Stockwood renarth.

Two

EMPLOYMENTS. By what Authority appointed. Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seiaorea. Grots Prodace of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to tha Superannuation Fund. Paymen tsto Deputies and Clarks. Other contingent Ex peaces. Net Producer of the Employment.

Waiter and Searcher at Uphill - D° - - 40 — *9 - 40 19 — 1 - - 1 — — - m m m 38 19 —

Boatmen ... - . - D° - - 40 „ - 40

Waiter & Searcher at Portishead - D® - lO m m 8

Q.A. - 36 8 — m m _ 54 8 — 54 8 —

Preferable Tidewaiters Board of Customs 67I 11 _ 671 11 671 n —

Extra D° - Collr and Contr 473 13 — . - - . 473 13 — 473 13 —

Extraordinary Weighers D° - 840 5 6 - - . - 840 5 6 840 5 6

/Extraordinary Night Watch-1 \ man, at i/6 per Night -J Board of Customs «7 7 6 - - - - 27 7 6 27 7 6

Messenger, at 8s/ per Week - Collf and Controller - 20 l6 — - - . 20 16 — 20 16 —

[Extraordinary Night Watch-'J

J men, for the Winter Sea- [ D® - 55 16 - 55 *6 — 55 >6 —

I son, at i/6 per Night ea. J

Collector’s Clerk as Cashier - " 40 — — 223 10 9 263 10 9 — 15 — 262 15 9

Collector’s Writing Clerk - ~ - 40 — — 176 6 4 216 6 4 - - 20 - - 196 6 4

Tobacco Clerk - 40 — — 56 1 6 96 1 6 96 1 6

Collector's Assistant Clerk - - *" 20 — 10 4 6 30 4 6 30 4 6

Controller's Clerk tBy their several Prin- 30 "r 55 5 6 *5 5 6 85 5 6

("Deputy Customer Outwards^ \ First Clerk -J ' cipals - 85 2 10 42 6 6 127 9 4 - - - ' 25 14 7 - - 101 14 9

D® Second Clerk - - 41 l8 r _ 3 42 6 6 «4 4 9 84 4 9

Depy Customer Inwards Clerk - OO ’ 40 4 — IOO 4 32 10 - - 67 14 —

Jerquers Clerk - 20 — 21 4 8 41 4 8 - - - 41 4 8

Checque Clerk's Clerk - > m mm 40 — 5 16 6 45 >« 6 45 16 6

Totals - 7.325 >7 ,01 627 1 1 7,°°3 14 2* H.956 >3 >£ 207 16 8j 95 >2 11 804 1 2 3117 7 >3.817 4 9

Customer - Patent - 16 6 8 - - 54 — — 520 6 8 14 10 — ... 70 3 5 — 43^ 11 8

Controller - D° - 10 - - 332 4 342 4 — — 10 — - 38 >7 2 1 18 8 300 18 2

Searcher - D° - 10 — — - - 162 11 5 172 11 5 1 6 — ... 42 2 — 10 — 128 12 8$

Collector - Warrant - 30 - - 1 „

For a Horse - . - 10 - m - > 40 19 8 10 19 8 30

Coal P. - . — 19 8 - - - - J

Deputy Customer Dep® from Patentee - - 20 — — *3 9 10 43 9 10 - _ 23 9 >0 - - 20 — —

Deputy Controller D° - - - - 15 13 9i 1

— 9 8} - - f 30 6 — 30 6 —

As Controller of the Coal Duties 14 2 6 - - - - J

Landing and Coast Surveyor - Warrant - 30 - 3 10 4 33 10 4i — 15 7 ® — — — ' 32 >4 9f

Deputy Customer Dep* from Patentee - 10 — m 11 17 1 21 17 1 21 17 1

Customer of the Coal Duties

Coast Waiter - Warrant - 20 - - - 20 - — 10 1 - - - 19 9 11

Deputy Searcher Dep® from Patentee - - - - 6 16 7 6 16 7 6 16 7

Waiter and Boatman - Warrant - *20 - - - - 20 - — 10 — - - - 19 10 —

Deputy Controller Depn from Patentee - - - - *4 *5 6 >4 *5 <5 14 *5

Boatman - Warrant - 20 20 — 10 — 19 10 —

Boatmen - D* - 40 m m - m m 40 — — 1

CJt

00

o

t-

JQ

Aberthavv, Thomas Hopkins -

Charles Bassett

DQ -

Three

Waiter and Searcher To keep a Horse 1)°

("Deputy Customer < Deputy Controller [Deputy Searcher Extra Weighers -

D* -

:1

-I

D* -

Deputation from the*l Patentees ?. -J

Collr and Controller -

Four

Coal Meters

- Board of Customs

Totals -

CHEPSTOW

John Osborne William Boothby -Edmund Traherne Selwyn James

D* -

John Seys -

D° -

John Jones -

John* Jennings Edmund Jane Thomas Jenkins -

Officers employed in

- Customer -

- Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P. -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.-

- Deputy Searcher -

f Surveyor, Waiter, and \ Searcher -J

- Waiter and Searcher -

- Boatman -

D° - -

fCoal Metage -^Rowings and Weighings

Patent D* -D# -Warrant -

Depn from Patentee -D° -

D° -

Warrant -

D# -Da -

Board of Customs

: -1

; :J

Totals

O

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

O

O

oo

o

SWANZEV

John Osborne Wm Boothby Kdmd Traherne -William JeUreys -

D° -

Thomas Popkin -

Walter Tucker Benjamin Howell -Thomas Leyson -Will Ley son Sam* Iluncorne -John Bache -Charles Richards -Evan Williams Sam1 Iluncorne -Sam1 Phillips Will Ley son George llution, and\ Richard Gough - -J James Dalton

Customer -Controller - - .

Searcher -Collector -

E. P. and C. -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller E. P. ami C. -Deputy Searcher -Depy Cusp at Neath -l)epy Coutr at l)°

Dcp* Searcher at D’ -Surveyor -

Waiter and Searcher -D° -D° -1)° -D° -

D° -

D° --

Patent D° -I>° -

Warrant -

Depn from Patentee -D° -

D° -D* -

D° -L>° -

Board of Customs - Warrant -

D* - -

D° -1)° -D* -D* - -

D* -

D° -

*Q-----

20-----

24 6

Met age.

4 5 — i

283 8 -i

See Cardiffe.

30----

3 ,3 4

1 16 8

40-----

8 211

25-----

25-----

— 10 1

5 1* <5

139 14 6

See Cardiffe.

70-----

611 5

5 3 9

40-----

30-----

30-----

25-----

25----

22----

35-----

35-----

30----

g

cq'

I — h

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

O

O

0*

FT

PORT. OFFICERS NAMES EMPLOYMENTS. By what Authority appointed.

SWANZEY contd. j Six Tidewr* and Boatmen £ Warrant -Board of Customs

1 Four D° - D° -

One D° - D* -

Officers ',) Boardings - -

1 employed in J Watchings - -

1 Rowings -

Totals -

CARLISLE. Benson Fearon Customer Patent

Peter 0 arrick Controller D° -

Will"1 Brovvnrigg - Searcher - D° -

William Hodgson - fCollr and Dr Customer fori J of a Year _ j Dep° from Patentee

' E. P. and C.

1 William Wilson - Deputy Controller D* - \

E. P. and C.

Robert Jackson - Deputy Searcher-rSurveyr Gen1 and Supervisor) D#-

J for Cumberland, Westmor- Warrant -

Cha* Lutwidge I land, and the Coast of I

[ Lancaster -J

Joseph Denton f Wraitr and Searcher at Boul-1 D# -

\ ness -/

Joseph Skelton Coast War at Rockcliff- D# -

John Addison Riding Surveyr at Burgh D* -

Extra Service -

William Blamire - /Landing Waitr and Riding! \ Officer at Newby - -J D# -

Alexander Little - Coast Wait* at Guards- D# -

Kichd Knubley Riding Officer at Wigton D# -

Isaac Nixon D°at Rockcliff - D* -

George Walker - D* at Kiddings - D* -

John Byers - D# at Drumburgh D# -

Joseph Smith D* at Penrith - D# -

Walter Armstrong I)# at Burgh - D* -

William Vounghusband Coast Waif at Allonby D°-

Janies Cleusby Landing Waiter at D° - D" -

rhi/Ritson. - - 'Riding Officer at Temple! Sower by - - -J Board of Custom*

[ Coast Waitr and Depd j

1 tVillm Carnaby - - Searcher at West J Treasury Warrant

Marckee - -J Totals -

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self. Deputies, and Clerks. Pav merits by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fact, other Allowances. and Gratuities, oxclusiveol Shares of Seixures. Gross Produce of the Employment, Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the , Employment.

150 3 15 - . _ 146 5 —

80 - - 80 — — . 2 — . - - - - 78 —

30 - 30 — — «. . — 15 — ~ — - - 29 5 — '

79 79 — — - 79

— 8 — - - — 8 — 8 —

104 - 104 — — ,04

797 3 2 104 6 8 350 5 8 1,251 15 6 6 15 — 1316 — 40 34 1,157 4 6

32 343 13 7 37513 7 — 16 — _ _ _ 30 m 344 7 7

10 - - 211 9 11 221 9 11 — 5 — - 25 5 H - - - 195 19

20 - - 185 1 2 205 2 — 10 — - 23 15 — - - - 180 l6 2*

*9 — 7i 1 6 — $ 2 15 6 I 23 2 23 2 lj

10 6 5 1

— 19 — f - I 17 4 1 *7 4 if

10 — 5 — 4 15 — 4 15 — 4

63 15 10 - 63 >5 10 - 110 — . - - - 62 5 10

3813 — - - - 38 13 — — 10 — — 17 6 m *9 - . - 37 5 <5

30 60 28 15 —

*7 15 — - - - j 77 15 — 2 1 IO . — m — - - - 74 5 —

30 - - - - 30 — — — 10 — — 15 — - - - 28 15 —

40 - - - - 40 — — — 10 — 38 10 —

40 - - 40 — — to 1 ... . 38 10 —

40 " - " 40 — — — 10 — 1 ... - 38 10 —

40 " - - 40 — — — 10 — 1 - . 38 10 —

4* 13 9 " - - 41 13 9 — 108 1 ... . _ . 40 3 1

40 - - 40 — — — 10 — 1 _ 38 10 —

30 4 6 - - 30 4 6 — 10 — — >5 — ... 28 19 6

30 " — - 30 — — — 15 8 — 15 — - 28 9 4

31 " " - 31 ~ — — 5 8 — 15 — - - - 29 19 4

27 7 6 - 27 7 6 - — 10 — - - - 26 *7 6

29. 5 —

733 >5 3i - - 75+ 5 7 1,488 _ rt>i . 9 1.3 — 14 17 6 vj , <© 1 , 00 - - - .384 9

*0

ON

o

oo

WHITE-

HAVEN.

o

Benson Fenron Peter Garrick Will01 Brownrigg -Rich4 Wordsworth

Tho* Pearson George Mali

John Dunn -John Bowness John Bulrteld Henry Holme Anthony Fothergill Montgomery Kelsick William Donald -John Shephard Faucet T rough ton Thomas Wilson -Will® Thompson -John Head -James Robertson -

John Bor wick

Thomas Partis

Thomas Ilird

Adam Bittleston -

Rob* Sewell

John Herbert Miles Airey John Robinson Hugh Shephard -

Twenty-three

Five

Three

Officers employed in

Customer - -

Controller -Searcher -Collector -

E. P. and C Deputy Customer Depfcty Controller

E. P.

Deputy Searcher Landing Surveyor Landing Waiter -D°

D°

D°

D° to <28th July Coast Waiter Tide Surveyor D° -

Coal Collr at Workington Contr at D°

Depy Customer D° r Tide Survr, Warehouse-j keeper, Landing Waiter,

) and Deputed Searcher I

I at D° - - - -J

!Riding Officer and Coast") Waiter at Parton Tide Surveyor and Coast Waiter at Harrington Surveyor at Mary'port f Riding Officer ut Work-") I ington - - - -j

D® at Ravenglass D° at Milhain -D° at Annaside *

I)° at Cuthertoa -Tide W'aiters Boatmen -D° -

:1

Watchings

Weighings

:1

-J

Patent' -D®

D®

Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D°

D°

Warrant -D*

D° - -D°

D°

D°

Board of Customs Warrant -D°

D®

Board of Customs Dep" from Patentee -

Warrant -

D®

D°

Board of Customs

Warrant -

D°

D°

D*

D°

D°

I)

D°

Totals

O

cq'

rf

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o o oo

5

CHESTER.

John Pelham Sr John Burgoyne, B* Jerem. Robinson -Newton skin

Joseph Dyson

Customer -

Controller -

- Searcher -

- Collector -

Coinage P„

E. P. and C. Clerks to D°

Deputy Controller

E* P. and C.

Patent

D°

D®

Warrant -

D®

Depn from Patentee

See Carlisle

160 - 78 8 6

11 H 4 - j- 230 2 10 10 5 — 85 2

- 30 20 2 — 50 2 —

12 21 20 2 . \ *

8 15 l - / 61 17 6\ 20 — — ~

1 15 — 20 15 — — 3 6 >5 —

50 15 — - H 17 6 65 12 6 8 1 5 —

43 10 — - 18 8 0 61 18 6 8 1 — - — - 5 5 4

4613 — - H >3 3 61 6 3 — 1 — 1 — — 6 15 —

42 9 ~ - 18 IO — 60 *9 — 8 1. — — - 2 1 1 —

44 18 — - 18 2 — 6 3 — — 8 1 — — - 4 4; _

22 7 5 - Unknown 22 7 5 6 — 11 2 -

60 - 18 8 — - 78 8 — 8 1 10 — -

40 — 10 — — 50 — — 8 1 - -

4° 50 — 10 61 7 6 50 111 7 6 g - 8 1 5 — _ -

40 — - - *9 15 6 59 15 6 8 1 ——

15 19 15 6 34 15

50 — - 52 2 — 102 2 — 8 5 — - -

35 — - 2 4 6 37 4 6 . — 17 6 - -

35 7 6 20 — — 55 7 6 8 — 17 8 .

40 — - 22 10 — 62 10 — 8 1 — — -

35 — - 35 — — 8 — >7 6 - -

30

30 — - 30

30 30 — — -8 "" 15 -

40 I

690 — — - - C90 — — 15 4 17 5 - -

136 17 6 - 136 «7 6 ~ 3 4 3 8 5i - -

DO — — - 60 — — 2 — 1 10 - -

19 9 6 - 19 9 6

23 3 — 23 3

1,930 9 9l 86 454 6 9 2,47° 16 H 1118 6 4i 17 si 105 2 — - 18 IS 4

8l 13 4 1,593 7 2 ,675 6 13 15 10 . 591 15 9I 6 18 ~l 1

20 — - 7 60 13 6 78613 6 4114 - - *35 658

3 6 8 - 1,323 7 8 1,32s 14 4 368 - - 120 412 — 1

120 — - - - 68 4 *

— 18 -J - - - (' l89 19 3i 8 — — - - 36 is — -

— 17 1J - - j

- 36 15 — 4Q — 76 15 —

20 16 -i *20 58 10 } 99 6 2 -; — 10 - 20 - 'x

Mr

*54" 15 10 O

50 2 — w

4* 17 6i O

36 >5 —

64 6 10 HH

55 12 6 HH

53 10 3 H-4

57 7 4

57 *5 4

21 15 9

76 17 4

48 19 4

48 19 4

HO 1 10

58 H IO'

34 15 6

100 16 4

c\

0

3 6 7 54 9 Sv

61 9 4 as

§5

34 1 10 „

29 4 4 a.

29 4 4 r*.

29 4 4

38 19 4

671 19 8

133 5 8i

58 8 -

19 9 6

23 3 "

J5

*,*93 3 5

,o(5a io 10J

640 16 6

»45 4 3i‘

76 >5 — 78 16 2

> 2

r> - t " O w.~ "T> O ~ T

c c <0 5 crn &

Urr

(-n

D

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

O"

PORT. OFFICERS NAMES.

CHESTER

cont*1.

Beaumaris

Humphrey Read -Charles Hawker -Edward Williams Tho- Wool lam -Rob* Lloyd -

D° -

John Latham Henry Peers Benj" Monk

Tho' Parry -

Tho* Hitchcock -Will Monk

Randle Podmore -

Thomas Jones Thomas Williamson John Hughes

Peter Parry -John Humphreys

EMPLOYMENTS.

Deputy Controller at Parkgate Deputy Customer D° at Parkgate -Deputy Searcher DJ at Parkgate -

waiter - - - -J

Surveyor

Riding Surveyor -Tide Survr at Parkgate If Waiter, Searcher, and

1 Coast\vr -D°- - D® -

D® at Parkgate -|\Vaitr, Searcher, and Riding Officer at Daw

pool -

\Vaiter. Searcher, and

Coastwr at Flint D° at Mostyn

Coast\vr and Riding Office at Rhudlan Waiter, Searcher, ant

Coastwr at Weppra -D° at Ness -Four Tidewaiters

Four Boatmen -

One D® - -

One Tide waiter and Boatman

One Boatman -

Three Extra Tidewrs and Boatmen Day Pay One Boatman -

D. P.

Two Weighing Porters

Discharging Foreign Ships Four D® -

’ D. P.

Officers Allowances for inspecting the shipping Coals, and admeasuring Coal Carriages.

One Extra Weigher

John Pelham Sr John Burgoyne, Bari Jeremiah Robinson Will1* Sparrow

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

E. P. and C. Coal P.

By what Authority appointed. Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for c Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

Dep* from Patentee - 25

D®

D° 30

D°

D® -

Warrant - 40

D° 50

D° 60

D° 40

► D° 40

D® 40

D® 40

D® 35

D° 40

D- 35

D® 35

Board of Customs 40

D* 30

Warrant - 1 ‘20

D® - - 120

D® 20

Board of Customs 30

D® 20

D® 30

- 46 4 —

D® 20

- 1 10 —

Warrant - 20

- - 46

Board of Customs 24

- 40 12 —

29 2 —

- - 20 14 —

Totals i,4>5 >3

Patent 1

D® (-See Chester.

D® J

Warrant - 90

..... 1 19 n|

- >° 4 74,

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

4*

c

D° -

William Williams -

Peter Hughes Jones Harry Gibbs

Thomas Hughes -

Edwd Owen -

Owen Williams -Foulk Jones

Four

Robert Bulkeley -

Five

Conway. William Owen

Richard Williams -

D° -

John Jones -

Owen Roberts - Robert Williams -

Two

Carnarvon. Thomas Lewis

William Knight -

John Williams Owen Williams -

Two

Two

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller

E. P. and C. -Coal P. -Deputy Searcher Surveyor General for Wales -

! Waiter; Searcher, and Tide ! Surveyor - - - J

Landing and Riding Sur- veyor - - - J

Coastwaiter -

Riding Surveyor.

Boatmen -

Coastwaiter -

Tidewaiters -

Deputy Customer Coal P. -E. P. and C. -Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. and C. -Deputy Searcher-"Coastwaiter and Tide Sur-"l veyor - - - /

Riding Officer, Waiter, andl Searcher - - - J

Coastwaiter -Boatmen -

Deputy Customer

E. P. and C. Coal P. -Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P. and C. Deputy Searcher Coastwaiter Boatmen -Tidewaiters

Pwllhely. Will* Griffith

D° -

Maurice Williams -Rowland Eames -

Deputy Customer Coal P.

E. P. and C. Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P. and C.

Dep* Searcher and Coastwaiter -^Riding Officer and Coastwaiter

Depn from the Patentee . 80 13 11 m 80 13 11

D° - 70 11 7 }

- l l7 H - - - >77 11 7i 1 1 7

- 5 2 3z - - - J

D°, and Warrant 10 — - 53 11 — 63 11 - 5 — - - . — 10 —

Warrant - 270 - - 270 — r — 25 5 — 6 15 — Unknown -

G 0 1 a i - - 30 - — 15 — ... - -

D° - 60 - 60 — - - - 1 5 — m m m - -

Board of Customs 10 - - 10 - — 5 — -

Warrant - 30 - 30 - — 15 — - -

D° - 30 - - )5o _ 1 5 . _ ... m.

Board of Customs 20 - - r

Warrant - 25 - 25 - — 12 6 ... -

Board of Customs 39 7 6 ' 39 7 6 19

Depn from the Patentee 20 _ 35 10 5i 5 14 4

- 3 15 10 - - > - - - M>5 13 2 - - - — 10 — . 5 " —

- — 12 H - - - - i

D° - 27 19 5 1

- 1 17 11 - - - >30 5 7 2 4 —

..... — 8 3 - - - J

D° - - - 20 >7 — 20 17 - - ... 10 —

Board of Customs 30 - 30 - — 15 — -

Warrant 35 - 35 - — 17 6 . - -

D° - 25 - - 25 - — 12 6 - -

Board of Customs 30 — — ' " 30 15

Dep" from the Patentee *4 18 if 19 13 3i

12 16 5 - - - - >9317 4J - - - " 20 " "

..... 6 9 «t - - - - J

D* 20 - - - 31 9 1

3 4 9 - - - - >63 15 loj - - - — 10 — ..

..... 9 1 n* - -

D° - 20 — . - - - 27 1 — 47 1 — - — 10 — -

Board of Customs 10 - - 10 - 5 — ..

D* - 30 . - . - - - - 30 - — 15 — .

D# - 21 7 6 - 1 - " 21 7 6 10 H

Depn from the Patentee 5 17 22 16 i'f 20 2 00 i H9 17 7f _ . . 10 - -

... - 1 __ 1. . . - - - J

D° - 24 18 5l 1

2 18 nf - - - - >28 11 10|

— 14 5* - - - J

G 0 1 10 - 13 — 3 23 — 3 - - — 5 ... *

Board of Customs 25 - - r - - 25 - 12 6 - *

80 13 11

7610 — 1 O

6a 16 — <138 W O

29 5 —

58 15 — HH

9 15 — HH

29 5 — 48 15 —

24 7 6 38 7 9t

60 3 a

a8 1 7 OS

20 7 — 0

29 5 —

34 3 6 sv

*4 7

29 5 —

43 17 4f

63 5 iof

46 11 — 9 15 — 29 5 — 20 16 92

39 17 7f

a8 11 lof

aa 15 3

24 7 6 C/1

o <5 5>

g

CQ

n

CD

Q_

cr

o

Salaries and Payment* by Amount of Fees, , -

By what Authority appointed. Allowance* from the Principals, other Allowances, Cross Produce Payment* to the Payments to Other Net Produce

PORT. OFFICERS NAMES. EMPLOYMENTS. the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures. of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Superannuation Fund. Deputies and Clerks. contingent Expences. of the Employment.

BEAUMARIS Pwllhely.

contd. Robert Lloyd fCoastwaiter and Tide Sur-"1 \ veyor- - - J Board o^Customs io - - IO . — 5 — - - 9 15 —

Andrew Painter - Coastwaitcr Warrant - 25 - - 25 . — 12 6 - 24 7

Five Boatmen - ... Board of Customs 55 - - 55 - 176 m m m 53 12 6

Barmouth. '

John Lloyd - Deputy Customer Coal P. - Depn from the Patentee 12 2f 11 12 7j: : .: > 13 10 si . 13 «> 54

E. P. and C. - - 1 5 74 - -

Griffith Pryse Deputy Controller Coal P. - — 6 i '848 9 8-4 . - - 9 8 — 4

E. P. and C. - ... — 17 3i - - 1-

Henry Parry - n® Deputy Searcher Tide Surveyor - Warrant - 35 6 2 — 62 — 35: :: — 176 0 2 — 34 2 6

Two Boatmen - Board of Customs 30 29 5 —

Holyhead. Lewis Lloyd Deputy Customer f Deputation from Pa-"l l^tentee, and Warrant J 30 20 6 10 . I 54 9 <5| 53 14 H

Coal P. - - 3 - ... - — 15 — ..

E. P. and C. - - 1 2 S£ - - J

Henry Wynn Deputy Controller Coal P. - - v D° and D° - 20 1 9 - 11 10 8 I 33 >7 — 10 — - - 33 7 "4

E. P. and C. - - — 17 si ... - J

John Sheppard f Deputed Searcher and Sur-"l . D° and D° 20 — . 9 — 3 29 — 3 - — 10 - 28 10 3

John Pritchard - L veyor - - - J Landing Waiter - Warrant - - 30 30 - — 15 — - ... «9 5 —

John Morgan Hugh Roberts Four Three Officers employed in f Riding Officer and Coast-"! \ waiter - - - J D° - and D° -Boatmen - - -Tidewaifers -Boardings - Watchings - - - Do,- - - - D* - - - - D° - - Board of Customs 25 25 60 29 5 6 8 16 6 6019 — 16 19 — - - 25 25 60 29 5 6 8 16 6 60 19 — 16 19 — m _ _ — 126 — 12 6 1 10 — — 14 7* - - 24 7 6 24 7 58 io — 28 10 io£ 8 16 6 60 19 — 16 19 —

Totals - 1,449 9 41 195 18 11 37619 ni 2,022 8 3$ 29 9 — 29 12 6 65 669 1,892 £

LANCASTER John Pelham Customer - Patent- - - "j s

Sr John Burgoyne, Bari Controller - D° - See Chester.

Jeremiah Robinson Searcher - ]) J 245} -mm

Rob* Foxcroft Collector - Coal P. - Warrant - 90 13 *3 44 m V107 17 11} - . 40 12 5i 66 5

D° - E. P. and C. -Deputy Customer Depn from Patentee - 2- 1 i 10 49 9 3 4 1284 J 7* >7 7i . 7* 17 li

John Smethurst - Deputy Controller D* - - 18 25 - f 5i 9 3i . 51 9 34

E. P. and C. - - 1 12 74 ... - - m

Coal P. - 6 16 8 ? J 1

Cxi

oo

k*>

Os

h.

<1

oo

g

eg'

i — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

J-

to

LrVrERPOOL

James Smethurst Thomas Noble

Will" Fisher Thomas Wilson John Calvert Benjn Trough ton

Seven

Four

Three

Thomas Askew -

Thomas Threlfall Robert Jackson -Edward Cowherd Thomas Troughton Thomas Birch

Michael Thomas -

John Bankes James Brade Richard Saul

John Bankes John Simpson

Two

One

Four

John Pelham Sr John Burgoyne, B* Jeremiah Robinson John Kennion

John Clark -Richard Atkis

Deputy Searcher Surveyor -

Tidewaiters -

Boatmen -Land waiter and Coastwr Landing Waiter -

D*....

Tide Surv* at Sunderland

Weighing Porters -

Waiter and Searcher at \ Grange - - - J

idewaitr at Cocker Abbey -Riding Oflfr at Peeling -Tidewaiter at Storth -Tidewaiter at Hovsham D* Customer at Ulverstone -Coal P. -E. P. -D? Controller at D* -Coal P.

E. P. -D7 Searcher at D°

Coast and Tidewaiter at D° -D° - - at Ireleth -f Tide Surveyor at Pile \ Fowdrey / Waiter and Searcher at \ Barrow Tidewaiters

f D° and Riding Officer at \ Walney Boatmen -

Extra Tidewaiters

Coal Meters

Henry Hamer Scrope Colquitt -John Majesty Mainwaring Clegg

Five

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

E. P. and C. Q. A. Collectors Clerk Deputy Controller Q. A.

E. P. and C. Clerks to D° - , -

Deputy Customer Deputy Searcher Deputed Searcher D° -

D® . 30 — 20 17 6

Warrant - „ - - 40 . 21 3 3

Day Pay.

Board of Customs - 86 10 6 . _

Warrant - - - IOO - - . - -

D® - - 40 - - 26 12 3

- L>° - - 40 - - 18 7 —

- D° - - 40 - - 17 1

D* - - 30 \ He - - . - -

D® - -

Board of Customs -,) 75--

Warrant - - 25 -

- D° _ - 18 - m _ _ .

- D° - - 25 -

- D° - - 25 -

- D® - - 25 -

Depn from Patentee - 30 17 3 73 2 3i }

- - - - 11 18 10$ - -

1 19 1 - - - J

- D° - - 25 - - 3* 6 1

- - - - 5 19 5 - - - - _ \

111 1 - - - J

- D° - - 20 - - 24 15 ft

Warrant - - - 25 - - 5 —

Board of Customs - 25 - 2 15 4

Warrant

- D® - 25 - - 20 — 2

- D° - 55 - - 44 13 if

- D° - - 25 - -

_ D® . 80 _ _ _

Day Pay.

- - - - 64 6 6 -

Mctage. 45 >» — i -

Totals - - 1,16a 19 3 121 12 10j 321 5 7 i!

Patent -1

- D° . 4 See Chester.

- D* - 4

Warrant - - 270 - - 364 3 4 }

- - - - 52 17 5z 12 40 -

_ _ D° _ - - - 62 2 " J 6

Depn from Patentee - 20 40 — — 380 — ~ 1

_ _ _ - 20 — 4i - - - - i

- - - - 20 50 — — 350 —

Depn from Patentee - ,5 212 18 4 i 3i5 11 8

- D° - - - 60 — — 390 6 —

Warrant - - - 50 - - 407 11 —

- . D° 50 — 4°7 11

5Q 17 61 3 3

86 10 6

too-----

66 12 3 58 7 -57 — 1

30-----

75-----

25----

18 — —

25-----

25-----

25-----

134 3 9?

64 16 8|

44 '5 8

30----

*7 »5 4

10----

45 — a 99 13 *1

25----

80----

64 6 6

45 i»

1.605 17 9*

> 699 — 9i 102 2 6 469 — 4i

4*20 — -

543 10 — J 450 6 —

457 11 — 457 ~

2 10 — 1-----

— 15 — I 17 6

— 12 6

— 9 —

— 12 6

— 12 *6

— 12 6

15 7 11

5 9

— 12 6

— 12 6

— 12 6 176

— 12 6

2 ---

18 4-

— 7 6

1 5 ~ 1 5 —

40

160----

3^ 16 40 —

1 >2 5

77 *3 *

50 17 6

60 3 3

86 10 6

97 10 —

65 12 3

57 7 —

1

29 5 —

73 2 6

24 7 6

17 11 —

24 7 6

24 7 6

24 7 6

*34 3 9i

64 16 00 HI*

44 15 8

29 7 6

27 2 10

9 15 —

44 7 8

98 5 7f

24 7 6

78

64 6 6

45 11 — £

546 1 3f

a

w

o

Os

St

55

52:

445 *9 8£

101 2 6

468 14 72

420 -

506 6 6£

410 6 —

456 5 —

456 6 — O*

>0

>2

s ?

POUT.

LIVERPOOL

cont*.

o

o

OFFICERS NAMES.

Arthur Onslow

James Kelsall William Yates John Lea -Henry Ravenscroft William Moss Joseph Southall -Caryl Fleetwood -Thomas Parke Henry Halsall James Hill -William Smeathman George Cook Thomas Yate James Giball Francis Wiatt Samuel Cutter John Dixon William Ross John Meller Betson Bradstock Jacob Fletcher Thomas Hill John Hookey

Isaac Strickland -

John Davies Edward Beddard -

Thirty-four

Four

Five

Thirteen

Six

Three

Three

One

One Four One One Sixty-one Sixty-one Six

James Maguire

EMPLOYMENTS.

Riding Surveyor, Survey- or of the Searchers and Coastwaiters, and Inspector of the Water Guard -Landing Surveyor D°

Jerquer -Landing Waiter -D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D®

D®

D°

D®

D#

D°

D°

Coastwaiter

- - - D°

- - - D®

Tide Surveyor

- - - D®

- - - D°

- - - D°

f Tide Surveyor at Hoy lake, 1 and Superintendant of \ [ Quarantine - - - J

Register of Tidewaiters Yardkeeper -

Tidewaiters -

Boatmen -

Riding and Preventive Officers Weighing Porters Noon Tenders -Tidewaiters at Hoylake Boatmen at D° -

{Waitr and Search1, at SankeyJ Warrington -J

Coastwaiter at Frodsham Boatmen

Preventive Officer

Tidewaiter -

Preferable Tidewaiters -

Extra Tidewaiters

Extra Porters -

Clerk of the Shin's Entries -

By what Authority appointed.

Warrant - - "

D®

D° .

Board of Customs.

Warrant - .

D® _ .

D* - -

D° .

D® -

D® .

D° .

D® .

D® .

D® - .

I)* _ -

D° - -

D° - -

I)° - -

D® - -

D® - -

D® - -

D® - -

D° - -

D® - -

D° - -

Board of Customs _

D® - -

Warrant - .

D° .

D® .

D® .

I)® - _

D® .

D* - -

D# - -

D® . _

Board of Customs.

D® -

D° . _

D® - .

Collr and Conti r.

D®

Collector -

Salaries and Payments by

Allowances from the Principals,

the Crown, lor or other Officers,

S?lf, Deputies, to the Deputies

and Clerks. and Clerks.

190

1 1 1 1 1 1 OOOO OC OO Cl -

40 -

40 -

40 -

40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

- -

40 50 50 50 50 73 15 — 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

40 -

30 m mm m

1,0*20 -

120 -

175 — — *

3*5 *

90

11810 —

118 10 —

*5 "

35 1*20 -

30 '

30

1,726 IO *

9*7 H ~

134 9 <5

Amount of Pees, other Allowances.

and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures.

GroM Produce of the Employment

Ill 17 6 301 17 6

H5 10 — 225 10

H5 10 — 225 10 —

5i — — 141 — —

90 — — 130 — —

00 — — 130 — —

90 — — 130 — —

90 — — 130 — —

90 — — 130 — —

90 — — 13° — —

90 — — 130 — —

90 — — 130 — —

90 — — 130 — —

90 — — 130 — —

90 — — 130 — —

90 — — 130 — —

§o — — 130 — —

129 6 2 169 6 2

129 6 2 169 6 2

129 6 2 169 6 2

20 — — 70 — —

20 5 — 70 5 —

20 — — 70 - — _

10 — — 60 — —

- - - 73 15 —

30 - - _ 40 60 ___

- - - 1,020 — —

- - - 120 — —

- - - 175 — —

- - - 3*5 90 118 — —

. . 10 —

- - - 118 10 —

- - - *5 — —

- - 35 120

- - - 30 — —

- - - 30 — —

- - - 1,726 10 —

- - - 9*7 14 —

- - - 134 9 6

220 — — 220 — —

Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment.

H 5 — 4 15 — - - 282 17 6

2 - 4 - — - ... 221 IO —

2 221 IO —

- - 30 - 111 — —

- 1 - 129

- 1 — — - - 129

- 1 - - 129

- 1 - - 129

- - 1 - ... 1*9

- 1 - - 129

- - - 1 - - 129

m ~ — 1 - - 129

- 1 - - 129

- 1 - . - ‘ - 129

- 1 - - 129

- 1 - - 12 9

- 1 - - ,29

- 1 — — ... ... 168 6 2

1 ... ... 108 6 2

- I — _ - - 168 6 2

8 1 5 — - 1 — — 6714 4

~ m m 1 5 — 1 5 — ... 1 IO - 67 10 — 68 15 —

1 5 — - — 15 " 58

- 1 5 — - . 72 10 —

40

60

' 0510 — - - 994 10 —

... 3 — - ... 117

- 476 ... ... 170 12 6

- 8 4 6 - - 316 17 6

- 2 5 — - ... 87 15 —

- a 5 — ... . 116 5 —

- 5 — - ... 116 5 —

— 14 6 44 7 6

- — 17 6 ... - 34 4 6

120

30

30

- - . 1,726 IO

917 M —

*34 9 6

. . I 440

on

o

to

On

9

oo

o

h»

K>

PRESTON.

CHICHESTER.

g

CO"

n'

CD

Q.

cr

(D

o

Thomas Lowndes - Chief Clerk to Collector

Alexander Stanley - Clerk of Correspondence -

Humphrey Newton - Collector’s Clerk -

Lawrence Oliphant - Warehousekeeper -

Five Clerks to Dy Customer

John Pelham Customer -

Sr John Bureoyne, Bart. Controller - -

Jeremiah Robinson - Searcher - .

Thomas Fenton - - Collector - -

D° - - Deputy Customer -

John Thomas - Deputy Controller -

John Gosnell - Deputy Searcher -

D° - - Surveyor and Landing Waiter

William Lucas - Riding Officer and Coastwaiter

James Dandy - D° - -

Three Boatmen - -

Poulton.

John Bisbrowne - - Deputy Customer -

Coul P. - _

John Gosnell _ Deputy Searcher _

James Richmond - - f Landing Wai ter, CoastWaiter, \ and Coal Meter - -J

Henry Lamb - Riding Officer at Ribble Water f Riding Officer at Lytham, J

Richard Whiteside - < Coast wai ter, and Coal

[ Meter - -J

Metage -

James Hall - - Chief Boatman - -

Three Boatmen - -

Six f Extra Tide waiters, and 1

\ Weighing Porters - -]

Thomas Sanden - Customer -

William Higgins - - Controller - .

Salary, per Establishment

Q. A. -

Coal P. - -

E. P. and C. - .

Daniel Stow - Searcher - - - _

Till Hollier - - Collector - _

Coal P. - .

E. P. and C.

Q.A. - .

D* . - Deputy Customer.

Samuel Cobby - Deputy Controller.

Thomas Hollier - - Deputy Searcher -

James Fathers - Surveyor - -

Thomas Hollier - - f Landing Waiter and \ puted Search' - D-:}

William Mant - Coastwaiter - I

D*

D°

D®

D°

Deputy Customer Totals

Patent

D°

D°

Warrant -Depn from Patentee D° and Warrant Depn from Patentee Warrant -D°

Board of Customs Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D°

Warrant -D°

D°

D°

D*

Board of Customs

Totals

Patent

Constitution

D°

Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D°

D°

Warrant -D*

D°

*0

Q

w

O

o\

o

Os

a. ® #*1

r> 3 n S,

i 3*11

PORT.

CHICHESTER

contd.

ARUNDELL-

O

(Q

r+

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

OFFICERS NAMES.

Richard Cootc, Junr Henry Norton Francis Whitcombe Joseph Ragless George Moore John Duke -Robert James Richard Miller -Stephen Fleet

Six

EMPLOYMENTS.

Supervisor of the RidingO Hirers !) -Riding Officer -D° -

D° - - .

D° -

D° - .

D° and Coastwaiter -Chief Boatman -Boatmen -

Four

Coal Meters Boardings -

Quarantine Allowance to the Commander, andl Two Mariners, of the Falcon Cutter - -J

By what Authority appointed.

Thomas Sanden William Higgins Daniel Stow Young Willes

William Carleton Thomas Broad

Robert Emery

John Broad -

Francis Broad

John Greg -

John Fowler

John Roberts

Hugh Foster

Richard Whitpaine

John Broad, Junr -

John Gratwick Heasman

William Walder -

Two

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

E. P. and C. -Coal P. -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P.and C.

Deputy Searcher Survr, lnndK Waitr, and Coastwr Tidewaiter -D° -Chief Boatman -Rid" Officer at Climping -D° - - at 'Jarring D° - - at Ijttlehampton D* - - at Middleton D° - - at Litllebampton 1)° - - at D°

Coal Meters -

Warrant - _ . 130

D° - - 100

D° - - 60

D° . - 60

D° - - 60

D° - - 60

D° _ - 60

D° - - 60

D° - - 35

I)° - - 1 So Metage.

Board of Customs - 48 9 2

- - - 31 12 —

- - - 1 17 6

Totals - M>4 1 3i

Patent

Constitution

D°

Warrant -

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

-J

Depn from Patentee 1)°

D°

Warrant -

Board of Customs D°

Warrant -I>°

1>°

I)°

I)°

D°

Board of Customs Totals

See Chichester.

6i----

26 1 2

17 7 — I

9 13

17 1

50

3°

3°

30

60

60

60

60

60

60

Mi

‘29

54

n

P.iyineiirn by the r ncipals or othar Ortieers, to the Deputies and Ck-rks.

Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, xclusne of Share of Se/'cures.

197 5 9

tape.

13

12 3 —

4l; -

6b o 16

oil

12 3 —

1 1 —

96 18 4

541 18 6}

33 17 3*1

49 11 6

— 10

23-----

1 1 —

1 1 —

1 1 —

— 15 —

59 7 9i «5 4

Gross Produce of the Employment. Payment* for Taxes. Payments to the Supc/anuuution Fund. Payments to Deputies aiul Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment.

130 , 19 15 — 3 5 — - «. . . 107

IOO 15 IO — 2 10 — - - 8-2

60 — — llo — 1 10 — - - 57

60 — — 1 IO — 1 10 — - - 57

60 — — 1 10 1 IO — - - 57

60 1 IO 1 IO - - 57

60 1 10 — llO - - 57

62 1 10 — 1 IO - - 59

35 - — 15 " - - - - 34 5 —

181 1 — - 4 10 — ... - 176 11 —

145 7 6

3112 — 31 12 —

1176 1176

2,153 5 7 72 12 6 23 15 — 225 6 3 38 3 9 1.793 8 1

I «38 5 6 127 5 6

J 49 li 6 'j - - 10 - 39 11 6

j 51 15 H 1 50 15 6-i

12 3 — 1 19 9 10 3 3

73 - 1 — — - 20 52

31 1 — - — 15 - 30 6 6

31 1 — 30 6 6

31 1 — - — 15 — . - 30 6 6

60 — — 110 — 1 10 — - 11 10 — 45 10 —

60 — — 110 — 1 10 — - 10 47

60 — — 1 10 — 1 10 — - 15 42

60 15 — 1 10 — 1 10 — ' - 12 45 15 —

60 — — 110 — 1 10 — - 12 — — 45

60 110 — 1 10 — - 12 12 — 44 8 —

89 1 2% 11 14 — 77 7 24

867 14 8| IO — — 12 5 — 20 — i°7 15 9 717 13 nf

On

*0

ON

o

ST

3:

k

-J

00

o

*3

NEW- Thomas Sanden -

HAVEN. William Higgins -

Daniel Stow John Buckley

D° -Richard Rogers

Benjamin Brooker I)® -

- Customer -

- Controller -

- Searcher -

Collector -

Coal P. -E. P. -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P. -Deputy Searcher Acting Surveyor -

- Patent -Constitution D°-Warrant -

Dep" from Patentee D* and Warrant

Depn from Patentee

1 SeeChichester.

70 ——

21 3 3i -

16 14 if -

25 ——

10 11 -

8 12 n£ -

RYE.

I)* -

Lancelot Harrison D° -

Richard Stevens -Samuel Sage Joseph Dicker Israel Midhurst -William Baker James Newman -John Newington -Henry Bean

John Shelley

Richard Neeve John Punkhurst -Joseph Stevens -

Ten

Gabriel Brooker -

One

Thomas Sanden -William Higgins -Daniel Stow

Thomas Phillips Lamb -

D° -

Coal Meter -

J Supervisor of the Riding Officers -J

Commar of the Boat -For Fire and Candle -Landing Waiter

D° - -

Riding Officer -D°

D° - at Seaford -

D° - at Rottingdean -

D® - at D® -

D° - at East Dean Allowed for House Rent -D° - at D° -

Allowed for House Rent -I)° - at Lewes -

1)° - at D° -

Mate of the Boat Boatmen -

f W aiter and Searcher, and 1 Collector’s Clerk - -J

Extra Boatman -

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

E. P. and C. -Coal P. -Deputy Customer

Board of Customs -

Warrant - -

D° - -

D° - _

D® - -

D° - -

D® - _

D° -

D® - -

D° - _

D® - -

D° - -

Board of Customs _

D° -Warrant -D° -

Board of Customs

Totals

Patent Constitution D® -Warrant -

Depn from Patentee

Metage. 1 4° 3 8 J

130 - — -

IOO ——

8-----

40------

40------

60-----.

60------

60------

60 — — -

60 — — -

60----

2 10 — -60 — —

2 IO — -

60----

60----

60------

300 -

30------

9 10 — -

- 1,454 15 8£ -

SeeChichester.

60 — —

157 *7 5l -10 5 1 -

Richard Butler -

William Dansays William Gibbon -

Four

Charles Stephen! -

Deputy Controller E. P. -Coal P. -Deputy Searcher Surveyor -

Tidewuiters and Boatmen f Supervisor of the Riding 1 Officers - - -J

D® -

D° -Warrant -D° -

D° -

28------

»o6 5 5} 6 16 8± -

50------

120-----

130------

<1

32 19 9

44 14

24 8 61

l 16 — 8 17 -

59 17 6

4 16 — 4 16 —

6 18 —

189 3 7i

attend5 Wrecks, lo ——

19 17 1

attend5 Wrecks, IO-----

10 IO 2

4 7 —

411 6

276

2 1 —

I40 17 2

44 14 10

68 13 2

1 16 — 8 17 -

62 IO —

>643 19 4

238 2

19 17 1

161 12 31

4 7 6

54 11

122 7 6

132 1 —

6 8 —

31 3 4f

2----

2----

2----

2----

1 IO —

57

4}

14 18 4

12 6

5 15

10

10

10

10

10

1 10 —

1 10 —

1 10 — 1 10 — 1 10 — 7 10 —

30 17 6

U

1 5 —

3-----

3 5 —

30----

15 —

To extra Coal Meters. 17 5 2

50

14 14 —

14 14 —

15 -

14-----

22 IO —

16 -

16-----

16-----

25-----

236 3 2

— 12 6

— 7 6

44 4 8

X19 9 2

44 H w

68 — 8

1 16 —

8 17 —

82 16 —

151 1 7i

43 16 43 16

41 l6 41 16

41 IO

42 IO

34 —

43 —

43 —

40 10 31 10 57 — 292 10

36 18

9 10

i>3»9 17 3f

o

w

o

- Os

- o

- I

199 19 10} 19 17 »

160 18 3$

4 7 —

52 14 —

119----

69 13 —

Os

FORT.

KYE cont*1.

OFFICERS NAMES.

John Swaine Thomas Cooke James Small George Beanie n -John Peters -George Stace Richard Lamb -George Stevenson John Poll)ill Abra. Walter George Morrison -William Dansays -

Two

One

Hastings. Thomas Evitt John Thatcher George Page

Thomas Evitt

John Thatcher John Stevens John Crouch William Bourn John Whistler Benjn Bossam Robert Meadow -George Page

Three

Two

EMPLOYMENTS.

Riding Officer D® -D° -D° -D# -D° -D® -D° -L>° -D° -D° -Landing Waiter -Extra Tidewaiters Extia Boatman -Extra Watchmen

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Deputy Searcher C Supervisor of the Rid* Officers Riding Officer D® -D° -D° -D° -D® -Surveyor -

Coastr and Chief Boatman Boatmen -

D° -

East Bourn. Charles Smith Mortimer

Henry Mandy

Cha* Smith Mortimer -

Deputy Customer E. P. -Coal P. Deputy Controller E. P. -Coal P. Deputy Searcher

D° -

Riding Officer

Henry Mandy Henry Baker William Belcher -John Rye Pryor Briden

D® -D® -D° -D° -D° -

Coal Meters

Salaries and Payments by Amount of Fees, Gross Produce;

Allowances from the Principals, oilier Allowances, Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Payments to Other

By whai Authority the Crown, for or other Officers, and Gratuities, of the Superannuation Deputies and contingent

appointed. Self, Deputies, to the Deputies exclusive of Shares Eiup'oyment. Fund. Clerks. Expences.

and Clerks. and Clerks. of Seizures. '

Warrant - 60 3 63 1 IO — 1 IO — - H 12 71

D° 60 - 3 63 1 IO — 1IO — " 11 3 5i

D° 60 - 3 63 1 IO — 1 IO — - 11 14 6

D° 60 - 3 63 1 10 — 1 IO — - 1146

D° 60 — — - 1 10 — 6l IO — 1 IO — 1 10 — - 11 2 —

D° 60 - 1 10 — 6l IO — llO — llO — - 11 2

D® - 60 - 1 10 - 6l IO — 1 IO — 1 IO — - 11 2 —

D® 60 — — - 1 10 — 6l IO — llO — 1 IO - - 11 2 —

1)° 60 — — - 4 64 llO — 1 IO - IO 1 —

D° 60 . _ 3 63 1 IO — 1 10 - IO 11

D° 60 ... 4 64 1 10 — 1 10 — - 10 1 —

Board of Customs 35 - - _ 35 - - - — 176 - .

Collr and Contr - 6 - ... 6 — —

D® — 17 ~ - - — i7 — ... -

D® 27 9 — - ... 27 9 —

Depn from Patentee - - 55 H 55 6*

D° 20 IO 5 20 10 5 - ... - -

D°

Warrant - 13® - - 13° — — 17 *5 ~ 3 5 — . 50

D° 60 - ... 60 1 10 — 1 10 — . IO 5 —

D® 60 - - 60 1 10 — 110 — . IO 5 —

D° 60 - - 60 1 10 — 1 10 — ... IO 5 "

D° 60 — — - - 60 — — 1 10 — 1 10 — ... 10 5 "

D® 60 — — - - 60 1 10 — 1 10 — . 10 5 —

D° 60 - - 60 1 10 — 1 10 - - 10 5 —

D® - 50 - - 50 - - - 1 5 — _ -

D® 35 - 35 - ~ 17 6 .

D® 90 - 90 ... 2 5 — .

- 60 60 ~ ~ l 10 — ...

Depn from Patentee - - - - . 1 11 4 8 >9 4 7l

_ _ _ ©> 00 CO - -

_ _ _ 411 2 - - J

D« 3 4

I 5 — i - - > 6 7 4i

_ 2 5 7 - - - - J

D® 2 10 — 2 IO —

60 Attend* Wreck*. j 63 1 10 — 1 10 — . 2117 7

Warrant - ... 3

D®

D® 60 - l 15 — 62 15 — 1 10 — l 10 — - 22 5 6

D® 60 . -U . 3 15 — 63 '5 — 1 10 — l 10 — - 22 9 —

!) 60 - . 60 1 10 — 1 10 — - 22 11 6

D° 60 - - 60 1 10 - 110 — - 21 14 3

D® 60 — — - . 60 — — 1 10 — 1 10 — ... 2129

Board of Customs Metage. 4' 9 3$ } - . 4* 9 3l

Totals - *>536 6 — - »95 3 a>73» 9 75 <5 — 52 >4 — 30 409 11 4 2

Net Produce of the Employment.

Os

48 7 4r

48 l6 6J 48 5 6

48 15 6

47 8 — 47 8 —

47 8 —

47 8 —

50 19 —

49 9 —

50 19 —

34 6

6-----

— 17 — a7 9 —

55 >a 20 10 5

59-----

46 15 — 46 15 — 46 15 —

46 >5 — 46 15 — 46 *5 — 48 15 — 34 2 6

87 15 —

58 IO ---

OS

o

19 4 7i

6 7 4t

38 2 5

37 9 6

38 6 — k 3+86

35 5 9

35 >7 3 i-t

4» 9 3i

________ 00

63 17 loj

D

cq"

n'

CD

Q_

O"

O

o

SIIOREHAM

o

r

p-

JO

in

EXETER -

Thomas Sanden Customer - Patent

William Higgins - - Controller - . Constitution - -

Daniel Stow _ - Searcher ... D° - -

John Roberts - Collector - - _ Warrant -

Q. A. -

Coal P. . - -

E. P. and C. - -

D° - - - Deputy Customer Dep" from Patentee -

Hugh Roberts - - Deputy Controller - Warrant and Dw -

Q. A.- - -

Coal P. .

E. P. and C. . _ -

James Stow - - - Survr, Land* Waiir, and Searcher Warrant -

Q.A.- - _ _ .

William Fuller - - Riding Officer - D° -

Q. A. -

Thomas Mearsh . - 1 1 1 P - D° - -

Q.A. - - _ - -

Thomas Baker - D° - . D° - -

_ Q.A.- - -

James Newnum - - D* - - D# - -

Q.A.- - m - .

John Butler - . - D° - D° - _ -

Q.A.- - . - - -

George Lindsey - - D* - - D° -

Q.A. -

Peter Simon - - Waiter and Search1, at Brighton D* -

D° - - - Depy Custr at D - - Dep* from Patentee -

John Wells - . - Sitter of the Boat - Board of Customs -

D° - . - Depy Contr at Brighton - Depa from Patentee -

Two Boatmen and Coal Meters - Warrant - - .

Coal M. - .

- Q.A. - -

Two Tidewaiters and Boatmen . Board of Customs.

Rice Jones - Tidewaiter and Coal Meter D° - .

Coal M. - D° - .

Samuel Wilson . - Tidewaiter - - D° - .

Two Extra Weighers - -

Two Boatmen and Coal Meters - D* - -

Coal M. - - - .

Q.A.- - -

Two Boatmen - - D° -

Q* A. -

Totals - -

Robert Hinde Customer - Patent _ _

Philip Denoyer - - Controller - - D° -

William Marshall 1- . Searcher - D* -

James Charter . Collector - - Warrant -

Coal P. . _ - -

E. P. and C. _ . _

Coinage P. -

Bernard Besly - . Deputy Controller - Depn from Patentee -

Coal P. . -

E. P. and C. - -

See Chichester.

70 1 — —

22 6

63 12 3

25 — —

— 15 —

11 2 >>*

50 10 6*

48 — —

— 10 —

60 — —

— 10 —

60 — —

— 10 —

60

— 10 —

60 — —

— 10

60 — —

60 — —

— 10 —

40 — 40 —

60----

16 — 31 — 8 —

60----

30----

7 >9 8

30----

12 12 —

60----

21 11 — — 8 —

60----

— 8 —

1,095 3

133 6 8 - - - 341 1 6

IO 6 8 - - - 104 l4 10

20 - 168 12 8

13° - 228 16 3

47 13 6 - -

106 5 7 - -

1 >3 10 - -

40 — — 20 — — 58 12 3

23 16 9 - -

74 »9 6 - m - -

26 12 6

55 4 7 22 18 8

32 11 7

33 9 4

1889 3 5 —

1 7 ~

407 11 8

00 CO 10 9 - - - 25 — — 10 — — 00 10 9

55 4 7 55 4 7

110 7 2 - - - — 12 6 - - - - 109 H 8

81 1 7 - - - 1 - 12 — — - 68 1 7

60 10 — 1 10 — 1 IO — - - - 10 — — 47 10 —

60 ,o, 1 10 — 1 IO — - - - 10 — — 47 10 —

60 10 — 1 10 — 1 IO — - - - 12 10 ~ 45 — —

60 10 — 1 10 — 1 IO — - - - 10 — — 4? 10 —

60 10 — 2 — — 1 10 — - - - 16 — — , 4i — —

60 10 — - 1 10 — 1 IO — - - - 16 — — 41 10 —

254 H 3 - - - 1 - 7 10 — 246 4 3

33 9 4 33 9 4

8 39 — —

18 9 , 18 8 9

78 »3 3} - - - 1 IO — - - - 77 3 3 i

60 - 1 IO - 5« 10 —

39 6 Sr 38 11 8

30 - — 15 - 29 5 —

12 12 12 12 —

81 19 — - - - 1 IO - 80 9 —

60 8 — - - - 1 IO — - - - 58 18 —

U5°2 15 4J 9 10 — 20 2 6 25 — — 104 — — i,344 2 10*

474 8 2 33 6 — - - - 95 12 ioj - - - 345 9 3 i

1*5 1 6 5 11 2 - - - 40 - 69 10 4

188 12 8 10 10 — - - - *>5 10 — 6 — 112 6 8

5H 9 2 19 9 11 - - - 140 — — - - 354 19 3

217 8 6 - - - - 30 — 0 - - - is? 8 6

6 0\

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

? ? S-

PORT.

EXETER

contind.

g

cq'

I +

n

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

.9

OFFICERS NAMES.

John Smith -'John Tincomb Richard Tozer Roger Puddicombe George Ninis John Woodley Jonan Luscombe -John Charlton Thomas Widger -

Richard Garland -D° .

Simon Kingston -D° .

James Cornish

John Tancock Robert Wotton John Halfyard Nicholas Toms William Tyrer Richard Carlisle < John Head -Thomas White John Swain -

Robert Head

William Raddon -

William Hurley

John Coles worthy-

Solomon Ireland -John Farr

John Shellabar

John Newman

Gabriel Spreat D° -

John Bulklev Austin Spreat

Richard Perry

EMPLOYMENTS.

Deputy Customer Landing Surveyor D# -Landing Waiter -D° -D° -D9 -D9 -D# -

Extra Attendance at Plymouth Coastwaiter Deputy Searcher -Coastwaiter

Dep* Searchr at Topshams /Tide Survey', Waiter, and! \ Searcher, and Coal Meter J Tide Surveyor D# -

Warehousekeep' and Coal Me Weighing Porter-

D° - .

D#

Messenger -

Rid* and Preventive Off* Sitter in the Boat fRid* Offr, Coastwr, and\ \ Coal Metr -j

Riding Officer

D° and Coal Meter

Rid* Off', Coastw', and Coal Mr

Wait', Search', and Coal Meter

By what Authority appointed.

Boatman and Coal Meter - D# and D°

D° and D#- - D* and D*

D* and D° - D° and D#

and D°- m D* and D°

Depy Searcher at Tingniouth

D°-

Warrant -

D# -D*.

D° -D*-D# -D° -D°

D# -

Depn from Patentee Warrant

Depn from Patentee Warrant, and Board"!

of Customs - - J

Warrant -D° -

D°, and Board of Cust* Warrant -

D°-D° -D# -D*.

D# -

D#, and Board of Cust Warrant -

Warrant, and Bdof Cust* Warrant Warrant, and Bdof Cust*

Dep" from Patentee

/Waiter, Searcher, Coast-T Warrant, and Board")

1 waiter, and Coal Meter (Tidewaiter, Boalm*, andl Coal Mr

!> D*, and D#

of Customs

Do and D*

D# and D#

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

8o----

So----

40----

40----

40----

40----

40----

40----

1188 40----

40----

6315 *

60 —

60----

30----

30----

30----

3* 5 9

20----

40 -

35----

Metage iacludd.

41 6 if

40----

Metage iocludd. 38 10 4

D*

4* — f

D*

60 511

30----

Metage iiiclud'1.

33 3 7 . D°

43 19 6| D8 43 13 4

4 7»

Metage include

83

D8

72 3 *f

D*

64 17 6

Payments by the Prmcipels, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to tl Superannuate Fund.

IO 7* H 3 9* *4 3 6 1 4

23 10 11 103 10 11 2

1298 93 9 8 6 1 4 2

* 916 4 49 16 4 — IO 1

" . 13 5 6 53 5 6 IO 1

" " . IO48 50 4 8 IO 1 — —

»4 5 54 8 5 8 1 — _

14 8 5 54 8 5 8 1 — .

- 8 111 } 59 10 7 8 1 — _

1 00 . 1 16 9 4 56 9 4 5 8 8 1

3 5 6 43 5 6 8 1 -

6 4 to 6 10 10 6

- 37 G 101 7 7 1 10 8 1 IO —

- — 2 G 60 2 6 1 *o 10 1 IO —

- 12 6 6126 1 10 8 1 IO —

1 1 6| 31 1 6} 10 — 15 —

r " — 3 — 30 3 — 10 — 15 —

— 3 — 30 3 — 10 — 15 —

- - 3* 5 9 8 — 15 —

- 20 8 — IO —

- 40 — 10 — 1

'I - 35 ... — 17 6

}' ' ' — 10 — 41 16 if — 10 — 1

- 40 — — 10 — 1 — —

j' - — 10 — 39 — 4 — lo — — 17 6

f ‘ ' - 5 6 41 7 6f — n 4 1

r — 7 — 60 12 11 — 10 — 1

30 10 — 15 —

1 - - - 33 3 7 10 — 15 —

j- - 43 19 6f — 1 4 — 15 —

}- - - 3 *5 46 7 6 — 4 — *5 —

3 5 10 - 3 5 10

1 " ’ 24 9 — 107 13 7f — 121 1

r 8 18 6 8l 3 3f — 1 5 — 15 —

r '' 8 18 6 73 »6 — — 1 1 — 15 —

Pay incuts to Deputies and Clerks.

Other

contingent

Expences.

Net Produce of the Employment.

8 92 *4 3

1 13 93 15 11

3 12 IO 80 15 6

1 2 — 47 13 6

1 5 — 50 19 8

1 2 — 48 1 10

— 12 — 5* 15 9

— - 12 — 52 15 9

— 12 — 57 *7 11

— 12 — 54 16 8

- 1 5 8

1 2 2 4i 2 8

10 10 6

2 4 4 96 2 7

2 4 — 54 17 8

1 11 — 5<5 10 10

— 12 — 29 13 Si

— 12 — 28 15 2

— 16’ — 28 11 2

— 9 — 3» 1 1

— 4 — 5 4

10 — — 28 10 —

- - 34 2 6

10 — — . 30 6 if

10 — — 28 10 —

10 — — 19 12 10

10 — — 39 16

10 — — 49 2 11

— 9 — 38 15 2

— 11 — 31 16 9

3 3 8 00 00 '9

3 3 8 4* 7 6

2 5 10

*7 15 6 88 6 X a

4 12 75 13 9i

5 9 - 67 10: 11

os

Os

to

OS

Q

r*.

OO

c

t*

4*

BARNSTA-

BLE.

BIDEFORD.

g

eg'

.-h

n’

CD

Cl

Cr

D* \

George Searle - Tidewaiter and Coal Meter Board of Customs 5» 5 8 I- 8 8

Ten Tide waiters Warrant - 300 — — . — 13

Eight Boatmen - D° - - 240 2 8

Seven Testimonial D# Board of Customs 230 11 6

Twenty-seven Extra L>° - Colir and Contr,) — - - m

Weighings 24 12 9 -

Totals - 2,918 7 74 49 11 6 1,204 10

Robert Ilinde Customer - Patent - *1

Philip Denoyer - - Controller - D® - See Exeter.

William Marshall - Searcher - . D° -J

John Tucker - Collector r - Warrant - 60 25 10

15 9 6j - -

To keep a Horse - - - 10 . - .

E. P. and C. - _ - — 17 7 _ . - -

Q. A. - -

D° - - Deputy Customer - Deputation from Patentee 22 12 - -

John Wood Oram - Deputy Controller - D° - 20 . 20 2

Coal P. - 7 H 9 . -

E. P. and C. - - - — 16 4 . _ - -

Q. A. — 15 — . - -

D° - - Deputy Searcher _ D° 8 5 3 .

John Robbins - Surveyor - To keep a IIor6e Warrant - - 50 -

- - - - 10 ——

Q. A. 2 mmm — .

Oliver Harris - Landing WTaiter - - D° - 40 3 13

John Moule - D° - - D° - 40 . 3 lS

Two Tidewaiters - D° . 40 .

George Wright - - Riding Officer - D° - 40 — — -

John Gibbs - Weighing Porter - Board of Customs - 20 - -

Sh. Metage. \

Coal Meters - D° 40 14 6 1

William King - Rowings and Watchings - D° - 27 7 — - -

Boardings - - - - 12 2 — - -

Several Officers - Quarantine Allowance - - - 6 -

Totals - 444 ‘4 84 3° 17 5 53 —

Robert Hinde Customer . Patent - -1

Philip Denoyar - - Controller - D° 4 See Exeter.

William Marshall Searcher - _ D° - -J

Thomas Grant . Collector - _ Warrant - _ 100 - - - 34 5

Coal P. - - - - 7 9 7l - -

E. P. - 12 1 4 -

D° - - Deputy Customer f Deputation 1 Patentee from "1 - - 21 11 4 - -

James Hicks - Deputy Controller D° - - 20 - - - 5 15

Coal P. - - - - 3 4 9i -

E.P. - - - 96 — - -

Thomas Arscott - - Deputy Searcher - D# - - 1 *7 — -

John Coombe - Surveyor - - Warrant - - 70 - 5 5

John Atchison - Tide Surveyor - - D° - - 50 - -

60 13 8

300 13 — 24a 8 —

230 11 6

24 12 9

4>»7* 9 9

40 14 6

*7 12 6

7 — 2 —

528 14 8$

153 16 6

21 11 4

38 6 7 i

1 17 —

75 5 6

50-----

-----9

90 2 7

15 17 8

----8

9 15 8

----8

7 10 6 —

45 15 —

1 10 — — 10 —

- 13 8J

6 13 8i

1 15 ~ 1 5 ~

371 2 lof

20----

20----

20----

5 8 —

4 »

8 6 8

134 3 8J

----6

-----3

55 4 I. 289 1 9|

228 1 4

230 11 6

24 12 9

3>53i 5 7

9* ^7 Ui

22 12 *1

49 8 10

8 5 3

60 10 —

42 13 6

4« 13 6

39 — —

39 — —

19 10 —

40 H 6

26 13 Si

12 2 —

6 — — .

1

63

48

o

w

o

on

O

502 1 — $

117 18 10

31 10 10

38 5 8J

*7 —

‘4 "> Q,

14 4 Y'

>S

V

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

PORT. OFFICERS NAMES. EMPLOYMENTS. By what Authority appointed.

bidekord Thomas Arscott - fLand* Waiter and Deputed"! L Searcr -J D° f" 16 June - Warrant -

cont*1. Thomas Sciance - Da

John Berry D° ... D°

Alexander Gunniss D° ... D*

John Incledon 1>° ... D°

Samuel Lang D# ... D#

John Gibbs - Coastwaiter and DeputedSearcr D*

James Buckingham D* - Board of Customs

William Rawle Officer on Tobacco Pipe Clay D°

Two Vveighers - Warrant

Eleven Tidewaiters - D°

Four Tidewaiters and Boatmen D°

Five Boatmen - D°

Three D* Board of Customs

One Coal Meter - - - D°

Eleven Extra D* - By the Collector

Officers employed f Watchings ... - .

in - Weighings - Totals -

DART- Robert Hinde Customer - Patent -

MOUTH. Philip Denoyer - Controller - D*

William Marshall Searcher - - D°

Nicholas Brooking Collector - Coal P. E. P. and C. Warrant -

Thomas Skinner - Deputy Customer Bepn from Patentee

John Browne Deputy Controller D°

Coal P. E. P. and C. . - -

Henry Phillips Deputy Searcher - D®

Robert Browne Landing Surveyor Warrant -

1 lenry Phillips Landing Waiter - D#

George Grigg D° D°

Richard Valentine Waiter and Searcher - D°

D# - Dcpy Searcher at Salscomb - Dep" from Patentee

Arthur Fames Waiter and Searcher - Warrant -

D° - Depy Seai ol.er at Brixham - Dep® from Patentee

Thomas Wolfe Waiter and Searcher - Warrant -

John Baston D° - D°

Richard Cullio W’aiter and Searcher - D°

John Prout - Waiter and Searcher Board of Customs

Arthur French Tide Surveyor - Warrant -

George Porter Coastwaiter . - . D*

John Elliott Riding Surveyor - D*

Salaries and \llowauces from the Cr.iwn, for Self, Deputies! and Clerks. Payments by the Principals* or other Officers* to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other allowances and Gratuities* exclusive of Shares ot leisures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to bepuiies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences.

40 - - - 2 12 42 12 — — 8 1 — —

22 3 11 - - - 1 11 — 23 *4 11 — 6 — 11 ii - . - -

40 8 1 — —

40 - - - 2 IO 42 10 — — — 8 1

40 - - - 2156 42 15 6 — 8 1 — —

40 - - - 2 IO — 42 to — — 8 1 — — - " - - fe ~ a*

25 - - - - 25 — — — 8 — 12 6 - -

20 - - - 20 — — — — 8 — 10 — - -

5 - - - — 17 — 5 17

60 - - - - 60 — _ - 1 10 — .

160 4 4 - - - 160 4 4 - - - 4 — ii - . - -

50 15 2 - - - 50 15 2 - - 1 5 4* - -

105 - - - . 105 — — - - 2 12 $ _ -

80 14 - - - - 80 *4 — _ . - 2 — 4 _ _ - -

Metage.

4 11 lj / " " 4 11 i|

21 16 llj - - . _ m 21 16 ui

28

5 " " - - 5 — —

1,060 7 3i 23 8 4 58 2 4 1,141 ^7 1.4 25 *9 10 21 111 20 9

> See Exeter.

80 - - - 53 5 10 1

25 11 2j - - - - > 270 »4 10 5 — — ... 70 .

111 17 92 " - - J

- 20 53 13 7 > 73 13 7

15 20 39 13 8 1

12 15 7 - - - f 177 18 4i - - - - 30 _ „

90 9 H - - J

- 22 3 7 - - 22 3 7

60 " - 44 14 6 104 H 6 - - - 1 IO _ _

40 - - 44 '4 6 84 H 6 - - - 1 — — _

40 - - 44 H . 6 84 H 6 - - - 1 _ .

30 - - IO 40 - — *5 _ _ _

... 1 1 8 - 1 1 8

35 - - - 5 '7 — 40 l7 - 17 6 - .

- 3 4 - - 1 3 4 - - - - ... - -

35 - - - 1 5 6 36 5 6 - - - — 17 6 - - _

40 4 10 — 44 10

30

40 - - - 4° — — - - 1

40 - - - 16 1 6 56 1 6 - - - 1 -

50 1 5 — ® "

Net Produce of the Employment#

41 11 4

23 3 3$

38 19 4

41 9 4

41 14 10

4i 9 4

24 6 10

19 9 4

5 17 ——

5$ 10 —

156 4 2$

49 9 9 i

102 7 6

78 13 8

4 11 1}

21 16 ii*

5 —

>,074 «5 5i

195 M 10

73 13 7

147 18 4l

22 3 7

103 4 6

H 14 6

83 H 6

39 5 —

1 1 8

39 19 6

1 3 4

35 8 —

43 10 —

29 5 —

29 5 —

39 — —

55 1 6

48 »5 —

OS

oo

oo

g

cq"

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

Wm Cannon Macklay -James Lavers

Twenty-two

Officers employed m

ILFRACOMBE

Robert Hinde Philip Denoyer -William Marshall Peter Fosse -

D* -Thomas Fans

William Fairchild

Two

Two

Officers employed in.

GLOCESTER

John Pitt -Samuel Woodcock

Gabriel Harris John Pitt -

William Gillman -William Crump -Thomas Wadley -Joseph Skillem Cha* Gale Baylis -Edward Saniger -

Thomas Bond

HULL

Marmaduke Best Richard Moorsom Portius Smith

D* D# 50

Sitter - - D° - - 35 — — -

Tidewaiters and Boatmen - D° - . 660 — — -

Coal Metage 95 7 11 -

Boardings - 254 12 — -

Rowings - 216 12 — -

Weighings - 3 2 —

Totals - - 2,120 7 7 \

Customer - - - Patent

Controller - . i See Exeter.

Searcher - - D° . -J

Collector - Warrant - . 40 — — -

Coal P. - - - 3 lO 1 -

Deputy Customer Depn from Patentee -

Deputy Controller D° - - 8 12 8 -

Coal P. - - - 1 15 1 -

Deputy Searcher Dep" from Patentee - -

Coast and Tidewaiters - Warrant - . - 50 — — -

Boatmen - - - D° 50 — — .

Coal Metage 11 2 X -

Boardings - 6 2

Totals - - 7» 1 lof

Customer - Patent 6 13 4

Controller - D* .

Coal P. - - - 1 9 5

Searcher - D° - - 8 13 4

Collector - - D° 30

Coal P. _ - . - 2 18 10J

Depy Customer at Berkley - Depn from Patentee - -

Surveyor (dead) - Warrant - - - 35 8 —

Survr, \Vaitr, and Searchr - D° - - 50 — —

Coa«twr and Boatman - - D# - - 30 — —

Boatman - - D« 30 — —

Rid* Officer and Coal Meter - D° - - 30 — —

Coal M. - - - 3 6 6

Extra Man and Coal Meter _ Board of Customs - 12 6 —

Coal M. - - - 4 — 7*

Totals - - 244 16 -i

Customer - Patent 39

D° - - D° - 39 — —

Controller - . D° 16 13 4

Coal P. - - - 6 1 6|

Q.A. . ... - 1 10

E. P. - 4 10 ~6i

Searcher - - D* 12

Cha* Will- Michel

Searcher

m _ 50 __ m m _ 1 5 - . 4815

m - 35 — - - — *7 6 - - - 34 2 6

m - - 660 — — - - 16 10 — - - - 643 IO

m 95 / 11 - - - 95 7 11

m - 254 12 — 254 12

m - - 216 12 — " - - 216 12

m - 3 2 — 3 2 —

64 8 7 318 10 7 2,503 6 9i 5 — — 30 7 6 100 — - - 2,387 *9 3 i

5 } 43 15 1 43 *5 1

11 7 10 3 7 9 H 15 7 2 — — 12 15 7

12 10 3 > 22 18 — 2 20 18

- - 5 2 6 5 2 c 5 2 6

- - - - 50 — — , - - - 1 5 — - - - 48 15 —

- - - - - 50 - 1 5 - 48 *5 —

- - - - 11 2 "'a - - - - 11 2 i.

~ - - - - 6 2 — 6 2 — 1

*11 7 10 21 5 6 203 15 4 — — 2 10 - *97 5

2 9* 7 3 101 7 3 8 4 - 7 6 97 4 9

1 r ~ 46 10 j 48 >9 5 — 5 6 48 *3 11

- - 66 10 3 3 7 3 — — 72 3 7

m _ _ _ } 3* O 00 30 2 18 10J

- - 9 8 4 9 8 4 3r 9 8 4

- - 1 1 — 36 9 - 17 - - - 35 11 Bf

- - - - 50 - 1 5 - 48 15

9 5 —

- - - 30 — — - — 15 — - - 29 5 —

: _ _ 33 6 6 . 3* 11 6

- " - - I - 6 74 16 6 7 i

3 — — 215 16 10 483 12 loj 6 13 10 4 7 3f 30 — 7 6 422 4 34

201 8 240 8 H 18 19 6 21 2 10 — 197 *9

- - 201 8 8* 240 8 H 18 *9 6 - - - 21 — 2 10 — 197 *9

- - 352 8 *} 1,

- - - - 4 ii 9 1 4 - - - 55 — — 5 10 — 311 12 9i

- - 328 10 6 J 340 10 6 20 — — - - 20 — 7 5 — 293 5 6

Os

VO

> 2 ta*l

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

PORT.

HULL conld.

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr‘

o

o

n

OFFICERS NAMES.

Rich*1 Acklom Harrison

Hugh Kerr -N icholas Wight -D° -Draper Dring Richard Hill Benjamin Haworth Thomas Nicholson George Foster John Johnson Thomas Brown Joseph Turner Thomas Sewell -Richard Keys John Hurst Joseph Cornelius -George Thornton -William Moxon -

George Wight John Bedell (Vacant)

John Green

Josiah Fitchet

Seven

Three

Thirty-five

Two

Ten

William Corteis -

John Ness -

John Ashlin John Hcmmingway

James Galland John Harrison

Thomas Craven -

'William Huntingdon Thomas Grav

Four

EMPLOYMENTS.

Collector -

Coal P. -E. P. -Q. A. -Deputy Customer D* -Warehouse Keeper Deputy Searcher Landing Surveyor D° -Gauger

Landing Waiter D° -D° -D® -D° *

D° -D° -D® -D* -D° -Weighing Porters Coastwaiter Outwards D° Inwards Additional Searcher Boatmen -Tide Surveyor

Q A.

D® - -

Q. A.

Tidewaiters Extra D° -Boatmen -

Q. A. - -

Cooper ... Tidewaiters

Extra L>® and Coal Meter Coal M. Watchman and Porter -

D° -

and Coal Meter

Coal M.

Dep7 Customer at Grimsby Head Supervr of the Rids Oflic" -

Riding Officer

D° - .

Coastwaiter

By what Authority appointed.

Warrant

Dep*frotn Patentee -D* -Warrant -

Depn from Patentee -Warrant -D°

D# -

D°

D°

D° .

Da

D®

D°

D°

D0

D°

n°

ir

D0

D° -D*

D0

D°

Warrant -

Board of Customs^ Warrant -D® and Board of Customs

Warrant -

f D° and Board of \ Customs - -J

Dep" from Patentee -Warrant -

r D® and Board of 1 Customs - -J

Warrant -D®

Salaries and Allowances irom Xhe Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

230 --

12 3 6 — a —

20 — 1 5

100 — 100 — 80 — 4i 4*

4i 4i 4»

4*

41

41 4i 41

1!

4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4

210 — 30 —

50 —

4i 4

75 —

51 4 4 6

5» 4

4 1,050 — 45 US

250 — *4 S

20 — 120 —

21 13

9 *5 21 —

4i

18 18 —

8 10

20 —

3 f

110----

60----

60----

50----

Pay merits by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, eaclusiveof Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the’ Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expeaces.

- 280 18 7^ \531 6i 2 6 7 if - . - 211 1 1 —

21 129 17 11 j 150 17 11

21 — — 130 4 ni 151 4

- - 20 - - . — -

20 45 665 —

- 46 146 10 10 - 10 10 — — 176

- 46 146 lO lO — - lO lO — — 17 6

- 54 18 — 134 18 — 2 1 — 6 1 4 —

- 4* 83 4 — - - 1 14 4

- 83 13 — 124 17 — - 1 — 6 - 1 H, 4

- 6 5 137 >° 5 - 1 — 6 ... 1 13 —

- 102 15 5 143 '9 5 - - - 1 — 6 1 7 —

- 93 — . »34 4 - 1 — 6 - - 1 7 —

- 80 12 — 121 l6 — - 1 — 6 - 1 14 4

- 63 16 — 105 - 1 — 6 - 1 12 —

- 97 5 9 138 9 9 - 1 — 6 ... 1 13 —

... VNot returned. 4l 4 — - 1 — 6 - - m m

" - - J 41 4 — - 1 — 6 - m m

- 67 2 — 277 2 — - 5 5 — . - '

- 146 11 6 176 ! 1 6 - — 15 — - .

- 93 16 — 123 16 — ... — 15 — - .

- Unknown. 41 4- - 1 — 6 .

- 73 to — 148 10 — - a. 5 — - -

92 15 6 } 6 3 - 5 — .

— m 92 15 6 j 148 6 3 - 1 5 — .

- 547 3 4 '.597 3 4 - 26 5 — - .

- S» 4 <5 77 — 6

— — " 121 10 — } 395 >3 — . 6 5 — -

- - 20

- - 120 ... 3 - .

m m m 12 13 — } 44 2 4

- 24 12 — 45 »» — 4

- 8 4 - 35 n 3l

- 20 15 6 J 40 15 6 3 —

- - 1 JO 8 5 -

2 6 i 62 6 1 1 10 — I 10 — - 10 10 —

«- 2 62 ... 1 10 — .

" S >7 - 5817 — 1 5 — - -

Net Produce of the Employment.

o

6

3

6

6

292 14 5

150 17 11

151 4 nf

20 — — 66 5 —

124 2 6

124 2 6

131 14 —

80 9 a

122 a a

134 16 11

141 11 11 131 16 8

119 1 2

102 7

135 16

40 3 40 3

271 17 —

175 16 6

123 1 —

40 3 6

146 5 —

147 1 3

H7 3 i,57 1* 4

77 — 6

389 8 —

20-----

117-----

44 4

45 *2 —

35 i* 3t

37

o\

Q

St

l

3.

4 e

15 — Ml

16 1 <1

10 — OO

12 — ^1

<1

o

to

Bridling-

ton.

g

eg'

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

D° - . Deputy Customer at Grimsby Depn from Patentee

(Vacant) - Coastwaiter at Selby - Warrant - -

John Champney - - Boatman at D° - Board of Customs

John Pudsey - I)0 - at Roecliff - Warrant

George Sykes - Boatman at Armine Board of Customs

Thomas Healy - Coastwr at Gainsborough D° - -

Robert Walker - Boatman at D* - D° -

Roger Morton . Coastwaiter at Stockwith D° - .

Thomas Lyth Lee - Boatman at D° - D° .

Benjamin Lillie - - fSurvT of the Humber, at"! \ Burton Stather - - J Warrant - -

John Drake - Boatman at D° - Board of Customs

Charles Robinson - - Preventive Officer at Barton D°- .

Joseph Markham - - Riding Officer at Grimsby Warrant - -

Joseph Smith - D° and Coastwr at Gainthorpe D° - -

Joseph Hudson - Coastwaiter at Louth - Board of Customs

Marmaduke Pickering - Rid* Officer at East Newton D°-

Simon Collier fRid* OfP and Coalmr ai\ Warrant -

Robert Dring 1 v Patrington- - - J

- D° at - D° D°- -

Totals - ,

Marmaduke Best Customer - Patent -

Richard Moorsom D* - D° - 1

Portius Smith - Controller - D° - f

Charles Wm Michel Searcher - - D# - . j

William Williamson Collector - Warrant - -

Coal P. - -

E. P. and C. - _

D° - - Deputy Customer Dep° from Patentee -

Robert Dring - Deputy Controller D° - .

Coal P. - - .

E. P. and C.

Thomas Kendall - - Surveyor - Warrant - .

Percival Bedell - Waiter and Searcher - D° - .

John Young - Riding Officer - D° -

Samuel Ingmire - . D° - D°- - .

Nicholas Meek D* - Board of Customs.

Two Tidewaiters - Warrant - - .

Day Pay - 1 - -

Two Boatmen - D* - - .

One D° Board of Customs

D. P. - - .

One D° D°- - .

D. P. - -

Coal Metage -

Ann Gibson - Housekeeper ... D° - -

j Totals - -

o

o

o

?T

O

w

o

Os

<3

PORT.

SCARBO-

ROUGH.

g

(a

i — h

fsi'

CD

Q_

CT

CD

o

(3

OFFICERS NAMES.

Marmadnke Beat Richard Mnorsom Portius Smith Cha» Will- Michel Timothy Otbie

John Robinson -

William Williamson, Sr William Duesbery William Williamson George Maling -John Woodill Johnson Beswick -Thomas Herbert -Christopher Harrison John Morwan Thbmas Duesbery

Philip Salmon -John Duds worth -

Matthew Hill

Paul Batty -

Thomas Harrison -Edwaid Posgate -

Benjamin Hurd

Thomas Huntriss -

Sampson Thompson John Robinson

EMPLOYMENTS.

Customer -D® -Controller -Searcher Collector -

Coal P. -K. P. and C.

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P.

Deputy Searcher Surveyor -Landing Waiter -D® -Riding Officer D® -D® -D# -D° -Tidewaiter -

Coal M.

Day Pay D* -

D. P. -Tidewr Part of the Year

C M.

D. P.

D#

C. M.

D. P. -Boatman -

C. M.

D. P. -D® -D® -

C. M.

D. P. -D# -

C. M.

D. P. -D®

C. M.

D. P. -Watchman -

slate Commr of the Diligence! \ Cutter -J

By what Authority appointed.

Patent

D®

D®

D® _

Warrant -

Depn from Patentt

D® -

- -

D®

Warrant -

D®

Da

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D® -

Board of Customs

Warrant -

D®

D® -

D® -

D®

- -

Board of Customs Warrant

Totals -

Salaries and Payments by the Amount of Fees,

Allowances from Principals, or other Allowances, Gross Produce Payments to the Payments to Other

the Crown, for other Officers, to and Gratuities, of the Payments for Supeia >nu«uion Deputies contingent

Seif, Deputies, and Clerks. the Deputies and Clerks. exclusive otSharei of Seizures. Employment. Taxes. Fund. and Clerks. pence*.

See Hull.

45 -1

*7 11 9i - - . 1 r 80 19 7i - - - - ao - m -

8 7 9 i - - " J

- - - 98 8 8 98 8 8 3

20 — ' — 38 3 3i) " /

13 15 10J - - " - - 78 16 7

6 *7 5 - - - J

- - 68 11 — 68 11 —

40 — — 10 6 — 40 10 6 - - - I - -

30 — — 9 9 6 39 9 6 - - - — 15 ——

30 — — 9 9 6 39 9 6 - - - — 15 — -

4«> — — . - - - 40 - 1 — — -

40 - 40 - 1 - -

40 — — a »9 4* *9 H - - 1 — — m *

40 - 4® - 1 — — -

4® — — - - - - - 40 — — - . 1 ——

ao — — a 17 9 ]

ro 4 a 16 11 ' - 1: 1 77 16 8 - - - — 12 4i - m

ao 13 1 - 1 3 -} 34 4 - 3} . -

10 19 9 1 H 61

6 3 11 - . 1 1 ai 6 a - - . — 6 8 m Wf m - -

a 8 — - - - j

5 — — a 10 - i

10 4 a 16 11 . 1 - J aa 8 11 - — 4 - -

ao — — a ta 6 I

10 2 11 - - . 1 I 37 11 5 - - - — 12 4$ .

4 16 — - - J

15 — — a 18 - I

10 a 11 - - 1 " I 3* 16 11 - - - — 9 10$ ... .

4 l(i — - - - J

15 — — 3 a 6 1 — 9

10 a it - - 1 " f 33 1 5 - m - ... -

4 16 — - - - l

15 — — a >7

to a 11 - . 1 r 3^ 16 5 - - — 9 - -

4 16 — - - J

10 - 10 - — 5 — -

50 — — m m m - - - 50 — — - - l 5 — - -

733 t9 -i 1 24 7 7 si 981 6 6 - - - >3 *2 3i ao 3

Net Produce ol’ the Employment

On

o

Si

60 19 7f

95 8 8

78 16 7

68 11 —

39 10 6

38 14 6

38 14 6

39 -

39----,

4' «9 24

39----

39----

37 4 3* 33 7 ®$ ao 19 6'

aa 4 —

36 19 — i 19 10 —

32 7 — I

31 11 6$

3a 6 6|

9 >5 - M

48 15 —

-------00

944 '4

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

O

o'

IPSWICH -

r

K>

LEIGH

COLCHES-

TER.

Sam* Woollaston -William Clarke -

Wm Barnard Clarke Thomas Folkard -

D* -

John Spalding Joseph Cole -Robert Dewey Benj" Park hurst Joseph Boggis Walter Wade

Four

Two

Four

Ten

Sam1 Woollaston -William Clarke -Wa Barnard Clarke Thomas Wilshire -

Da -

John Whiley

Thomas Edsall

Tim* Shorey

Thomas Edsall William Smith John Suter ... William Aldham -John Bayley Philip Newton

Three

Three

Officers employed in -

Sam1 Woollaston

William Clarke -Wm Barnard Clarke William King

Customer

Controller -

Coal P.

E. P. -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P.

E. P.-Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Surveyor -Laud* and Coastwr D° -Riding Officer -Sitter of the Guard Boat Boatmen -D° -

Extra Tidewaiters Coal Meters

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P.

E. P. and G Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. and C Deputy Searcher Surveyor -

To keep a Horse Landing Waiter -Waiter and Searcher Supervisor of the Rid* Officers D# - -

Riding Officer -Tide Surveyor -Boatmen -

Tidewaiters

Rowings and Weighings

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Acting Collector -Coal P.

E. P.-

Patent

D#-

Constitution Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D° -Warrant -D# -D# -Board of Customs Warrant -D# -Board of Customs D’ -

Dp -Totals -

Patent -I^-Constitution Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D° -

D* -Warrant -

Do.

D° -D° -D° -Board of Customs Warrant -D* -D° -

Totals*

Patent

D° -Constitution

6 8

55

to —

23 16

2 8

60-----

47 13 7i

3 7 11

ID ll4

50----

40----

40----

50----

30----

100----

50----

23 4 —

Metage. l8l 16 8

775 7i

1}

See Ipswich.

80 —

36 14

79 6

3$

2*

iS 7 i* 48 11 114

50----

10----

40----

40----

60----

50----

50----

40----

90----

75----

7° 3 4

838 a nf

See Ipswich.

23 — H

9 4 «i

20

20

40 —

122 7 10 63 4 9f

67 10 6

19 J9 <5

4 17 6

24 10 —

25 15 2 25 15 2

272 15 — 2

626 15 6f

26 3 6

25 13 6

21 12 —

73 9 —

*77 H 6 99 1*2 75 10 6 l31 1 — 41

20----

24 17 6 74 10 —

65 15 2 65 15 2

50----

30----

100----

50----

23 4-

454 9l

1,442 12 24

222 4 — fi 25 13 6

66 19 i:

21 12 —

60----

40----

40----

60----

50----

50----

40----

90----

75----

70 3 4

911 11 nj

32 5 3

6 19 10 26 — 1 16 —

1 5 1 —

1 5 — 15

2 10 l 5

11 1 10

20 IO

4 14

1 12 —

1 10 —

28 6 —

9----

1 5 —

1 10 — 1 5 —

1 5 —

2 5 — 1 17 6

12 7 6

20

20

30----

70----

20----

20----

2 7 11

2 7 11

1 19 IO

1 19 IO

148 6 9

77 6 n

73 H 6

101 1 -i

24 17 6

73 5 —

64 *5 2

64 »5 2

48 15 —

29 5 —

97 10 —

4« *5 —

23 4 —

454 it 9

I8l 14 — J

20 19 6

64 >9 3t

ao----

58 15 —

39----

39----

57----

48 15 —

48 »5 —

39----

87 *5 — 73 a 6 7o 3 4

O

M

O

>.350 3 5i

o\

o

1.

848 is 7$

33 5 3 *

> S

D

eg'

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

O

O

oo

V® »3

C s cr f* »

PORT.

LEIGH contd.

HARWICH.

MALDON.

OFFICERS NAMES.

EMPLOYMENTS.

William King SteV Collins

Will® Whitfield William King Robert Lee -

Four

Sam1 Woollaston -William Clarke -W" Barnard Clarke William Crowder -

D* -Anth* Runnacles -

James Pulham D° -Joseph Culpack Joseph Orlibar

John Turner

W* Wilkinson . John Rolfe -Evan Brotherton -

Six

Six

Ten

Ten

Five

Sam1 Woollaston -William Clarke -Wm Barnard Clarke

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. E. P. -Deputy Searcher Surveyor -Chief Boatman -Boatmen -

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P.

E. P. and C Q.A.-Coinage P. Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P.-Q.A.-Deputy Searcher Landing Surveyor Landing Waiter -Tide Surveyor

Q. A.-D# -

Q.A.-Waiter and Searcher Sitter in the Boat at H Riding Officer Tidew" and Boat"

Q. A. -Boatmen -Extra Tide waiters

Coal Meters D° at Manningtree

Customer -Controller -Searcher -

ndfleet

By what Authority appointed. Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, mid Gratuities, exc'usiveof Shares of Seisures.

Depn from Patentee - 30 5 4s „

D° - IO 14 12 H }

- 11 IO 4

- 7 8 4t - - - J

D" - - 14 19 8i

Warrant - 40

D° - 40 -

D° - 120 *

Totals - 261 3 11J . 59 17 9l

Patent D° -Constitution Warrant - j-See Ipswich. 120 57 13 11

- 38 5i

- 169 2 -

2 .

- — 2 7i _ _ _

Dep* from Patentee - 45 fi-

ll 8 3 1

- 19 6 a - - 1

- 77 11 2i . |

- 1 10 — - 1

D* - 19 17 —

Warrant - 50 60

D° - 40 53

D° - 60 - - 1

3 3 9 ' 1

1 60 - - - i

- 3 3 9 - -

D° - 40 172 —

Bd of Customs - 40 2 19 —

D° - 50

Warrant ... 180 . 1

- 13 5 — - - J

D° - 150

- - 131 14 —

Board of Customs Metage. 129 3 lif 281 16 11

D* - J5 Unknown.

Totals - i,393 15 si - 559 3 1

Patent -D* -Constitution j>Sec Ipswich.

Gross Produce of the Employment.

30 5 4i 43 »» 5

14 19 8k

40 — —

40----

120----

21 l 9

- 387 ll 6J

1,952 18 61

Payments for Taxes.

15 16 7

1 5 —

1 IO — 1 IO —

1 5 —

21 6 7

Payments to the Superannuation Fund.

5 —

1 —

l —

3 '

5 5 —

1 5 —

1 10 — l 10 —

l — 1 — 1 5 4 10

3 15

lfi 15 —

Payments to Deputies and Clerks.

37 10 —

12 IO —

50----

Other

contingent

Expences.

Net Produce of the Employment.

3'5 >6 9

411

>5

vj

30 5 4i 43 5

14 19 8$

39----

39----

117----

334 4 ll* 0\

o

3a 16 —

1,9 *5 7» H

19 17 — v.

107 10 — „

92------ *

60 3 9

60 3 9

56 2 —

41 19 —

47 >9 ~

188 15 —

146 5 —

131 14 —

ioJ

1,864 16 nf

00

o

r

>d

1YNN.

g

eg'

r+

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

O

OO

rT

John White - . Collector - Warrant - .

Coal P. - . - -

Coinage P. -

E. P. -

D# - m - Dep ity Customer - Deptt from Patentee.

John Argent - - Deputy Conti oiler - D® - -

Coal P. -

E. P. and C. - - _

John Draper - - Deputy Searcher - D° -

Tho* Shearman - - Acting Tide Surveyor - - Warrant - .

Jasper Robbins - - Landing Waiter - Board of Customs -

Isaac Dines - - C« ast Wr and Searcher . Warrant - .

Edward Abbott - - Riding Supervisor - 1> .

James Jackson - - Riding Onicer 1)° -

Edward Crow - - D° - - D® .

Miller Wyburn - - D° - - Board of Customs -

Thomas Lack lord . D° - D° .

George Francyes - - D° - - D° - -

Coal Meters

Four Boatmen - - D° - -

Two D° - -Extra Boatmen - - Warrant - -

Totals -

Robert Ilales . Customer - Patent

Philip Case - - - Controller - - D° - -

Nicholas Lee Searcher - - - - D° .

Robert Hales - _ Collector - - Warrant -

Coal P. - - . _

E. P. and C. -

Coinage P. Q. A. Deputy Customer -

John Vancouver . - Depn from Patentee

Commission - . _ .

Robert Whincop - - Deputy Controller - -

E. P. - _ .

Q.A. . - .

Thomas Gillins - Deputy Searcher - D® . _

Henry King - - Landing Surveyor - Warrant -

Joseph Brethett - TLand* Waitr and Deputed"! 1 Search' - - - - f D° - -

Thomas Huggins - fLand* Wait' and Deputed"! 1 Searchr - - - - f D® - -

Samuel Lane - - D° - . D® .

John King - - - D° - - D° - -

George Dawes m D° - - and Coal Meter - D® - -

Coal M. - -

John Wright - - Coastw'aiter D° - -

William Moore - - Tide Surveyor . D® .

Carnaby Brown - - Chief Boatman - . D° .

Four Boatm0 and Coal Meters D® -

C. M.

Jeremiah Ground - Boatman - D° -

Two Boatmen - - D° -

PORT.

LYNN cont*.

OFFICERS NAMES.

Ten

John Bloom

Fifteen

Extra Officers em- f ployed in - y

Officers of the Pearll Cutter John Vancouver, and an Assistant Sam1 Lane, Junr -Sam1 Rennett Abel Dawson John Emmett

EMPLOYMENTS.

Tidewaiters

D. P. Coal Inspector

Coal Meters Boardings Watchings Weighings

Q. A.

Clerk to Collector

Assistant Clerk to D° Riding Surveyor Riding Officer -D° -

Bj what Authority appointed.

Warrant -Board of Customs D*

The Collector -D*

Warrant -D*

D*

Totals

D

cq

n'

CD

Q_

cr

WELLS.

Robert Hales Philip Case Nicholas Lee Charles Boyles -

D* -Robert Jeary

John Boyles John Malt by Robert Overman Samuel Lane

Robert Jacombe -Sam1 Mackarall -

Four

Two

Two

Four

Customer -Controller -Searcher »

Collector -

Coal P. -E. P. and C. Deputy Customer Deputy Controller

Coal P. -E. P.

Deputy Searcher Surveyor -

Waitr, and Deputed Search'

D* - and - Coal Meter Coal M.

D* - and - D°

C. M.

Head SupeiV of the Rid* Offic* -Tide Wri, Boatmen, and Coal M"

C. M.

Boatni0, and Coal Meters C. M.

fBoatm" at Branscaster, and T \ Burnham Overv - J D° - - at - D° -

Patent

D*

D*

Warrant -

Dep* from Patentee -D*

D*

Warrant -D# D#

D°"

D*

D#

B4 of Customs

Totals -

Salaries and Payments by the Principals. Amount of Pees,

Allowances from other Allowances, Gross Produce Payments to the Payments to Defmt ies Other Net Produce

the Crown, for or other Othcers, and Gratuities, of the Payments for Superannuation contingent of the

Self, Deputies* and Clerks. to the Deputies and Clerks. exclusiveol Shares of Seizures. Employment. Taxes. Fnnd. and Clerks. Expence*. Employment.

150 l6l 16 — - 27 1 3. } 338 >7 3 ... 7 15 8 ... . - S3« 7

50 - 20 3 — 7o 3 — 7<» 3 —

Metage. \ 689 1 9/ . +8 »» 3 737 »S — 737 *3 —

33 6 — - - - 33 6 — 33 6 —

14 13 ~ - - - K »3 — »4 »3 —

56 10 6 - - - 56 10 6 56 10 6

12 15 — - - - 12 15 — 12 15 —

- 125 9 6 - - >25 9 6 125 9 6

- 102 8 6 - . 102 8 6 102 8 6

60 - - - 60 — — ] IO — 1 IO — . - - - 57

50 1 5 - - - 48 *5 —

50 - ~ " 50 — — ... 1 5 — ... - - 48 *5 —

2,2-26 16 10$ 497 4 9 1,662 11 5i 4.386 13 >i 57 '4 "! 24 8 2 626 2 — - - - 3.678 7 ni

>See Lynn.

J 40 - 34 9 n| 1 83 8 a£

27 11 9 - - } 108 s . - ... 25 .

6 6 si - - - J

- 22 3 — - m 22 3 — 22 3 —

- 17- 8J 37 — i ] ni 73 —

13 l5 nj - - - \ 73 —

5 3 3* - - - J 8 4 8|

<* 4 5f 2 — 3 8 4 8*

40 ... 8 8 6 48 8 6 - 1 - - 47 8 6

30 --- 25 5 4i 55 5 4l ... — »5 — ... - m 54 *0 4i

30 8 H 5: :: 10 13 5f } 49 7 ioi — 15 — 1 - m 48 12 10}

30 9 i* *4 8 12 5 } 48 4 6i — 15 — . 47 9

70 l 15 — - - 68 5 —

100 — — . 1 16 — [ 139 6 4 ... 2 IO — ... m 136 16 4

37 10 4 - 1 S

50 19 2 5 - 1 4 " j 70 6 5 - 1 5 — - - m 69 1 5

50 - - - 50 — — . 1 5 — m m m - m 48 15 —

100 - - - 100 — — ... 2 IO — . - 07 10 —

667 16 pj 45 8 2 129 11 — S-P *s - 12 IO — 25 - - So-, 5 111

vj

Oi

Q\

o

-J

00

g

(Q

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

p

6

WISBECfl.

Robert Hales Philip Case -Nicholas Lee George liewes

D° -

Thomas Wraight -

Walker Wraight -Abraham Hardy -

Tim* Masingarb -Walker Wraight -

Two

Three

One

Customer -Controller -Searcher -

Collector -

Coal P. Deputy Customer Deputy Controller

Coal P. -Deputy Searcher Surveyor -

To keep a Horse Coast® and Land> Waiter Chief Boatman -Tidewaiters Boatmen -D° -

Coal Meters

Patent

D# -

D° .

Warrant -

Depn from Patentee

D° - -

D# ‘

Warrant -

D° _

D° .

D° -

D° .

Board of Customs -

Totals

MILFORD.

James Piggott Ed® Warren Jones Daniel Lloyd John Phil. Adams

John Booth John Tucker

x

Charles Tucker -Benjamin Webb -

Thomas Peregrine

John Pykes, Charles Tucker

John Mithey John Perkins John Picton Stephen Row Thomas John

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P.

E. P.

Q. A.

Special Service -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller

Coal P.

E. P.

Q. A. - -

Special Service -Deputy Searcher Surveyor -

S. S.

Tide Surveyor -S. S.

Q. A. - -

Landing Waiter -S. S. -Coast Waiter -S. S. -Coal M. -Waiter and Searcher -C. M.

D° -

D° -

C. M.

C. M. C. M.

D°

Patent -D°

Constitution Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D°

D°

Warrant -D°

Board of Customs D°

D°

Warrant -D» D» D°

C. M.

-4

"4

7 Geo. III. 26° Janttariu

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

FORT.

MILFORD coat4.

ABERYST-WJTH.

OFFICERS NAMES.

John Bowen Henry Child Kicbaid Fenton -

Seven

Two

Seven

One

One

Extra Officers J employed in 1

Tenby.

Robert Reed William Smyth Thomas Row Thomas Williams

John Lewis

Thomas Griffiths -

EMPLOYMENTS.

Waiter and Searcher Assistant L>°

Riding Surveyor Tide Waiters !) -Boatmen Boatman -D* -Boardings -Watchings -Rowings

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Tide Surveyor Waiter and Searcher C. M. -D° -C. M. -Assistant D#

Two I Boatmen

Haverfordwest. Owen Edwards -Rob* Bateman Prust John Williams D* -

James Piggott Edw* Warren Jones Daniel Lloyd Pierce Evans John Jones -

John Pierce

Cha* Griffiths

William Hughes -John Evans

Eight

Two

One

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Deputy Searcher Coast Waiter

C. M.

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Deputy Customer Collector -

Coal P.

E. P. and C.

Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. and C.

Deputy Searcher Surveyor -Waiter and Searcher D° -Boatmen -

Coal M.

Boardings

Extra Man during a Vacancy

By "Hal Authority appointed.

Board of Customs Collector Board of Customs Warrant -D°

Board of Customs D°

D°

Collr and Contr D°

D*

Dep" from Patentee D

Warrant -D°

d° r

Board of Customs Warrant

Dep" from Patentee D°

D°

Board of Customs

Totals -Patent

D#

Constitution Depn from Patentee Warrant -

Dep" from Patentee

D°

Warrant -D* D* D*

D*

Total*

g

cq‘

N

CD

Q.

cr

O

O

oo

o

r

CARDIGAN.

James Piggott Edwd Warren Jones Daniel Lloyd W» Pavey Cuthbert

D° -

John Bowen

Daniel Gwynn

D° - - .

John Jones -Evan Owen -Thomas Davies -Ebenezer Owen -

Five

Officers occasionally employed in -

Customer -

Controller -Searcher -Collector -Coal P.

E. P....

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. and C. -Deputy Searchr -f Land* apd Coastwaiter andl \ acting Surveyor - J Assist* Waiter and Searcher Wait* and Search* at Newport D* at Fishguard -Chief Boatman -Boatmen -f Boardings -

) Rowings -

*| Watchings -

I Coal Metage -

Patent

D* -

Constitution -Warrant -

Depn from Patentee DQ -

D* -

Warrant -

Board of Customs Warrant -D® -D»-D° -

Totals -

LLANELLY.

James Piggott ELdwd Warren Jones Daniel Lloyd Morris Howard -

D® -

Thomas Bowen

(Vacant.}

John Rowland

David Williams

David Layton John Morris Edward Dalton Thomas Williams David Williams William Hugh William Atterbury Lazarus Thomas John Wilson George Rbyddero

Customer ..... Controller -Searcher -Collector -

E. P. and C.

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller

E. P. and C. -Deputy Searcher Survf, Waiter, and Searcher f Wait* and Search* at Car-1 \ marthen - - - J

Tidew* and Searcher -Rid* Offic* at Kidwelly Wait*, Searc*, and Boatman D° -D® -D® - , -Tidewaiter -Dep* Oust* at Carmarthen -Depy Controller at D* -Depy Searcher at D® -Boardings -

Patent

D® -Constitution Warrant -

Dep° from Patentee -D® -

D° -Warrant -

D® -

D® -D® -D° -D° -Board of Customs D* -D® -

Dep° from Patentee -D° -

D® -

Totals

See Milford.

35 — — -

2 11 -

— 13 8 - -

- - - J 20 — —

- - - 12 8 2

1 5 9 - -

1 — 10 3 - -

- - 10 18 4

20----

10 — —

25----

lo----

10----

37 *o —

48 4 6

32 n ~

411 6

.4 8 n|

242 7 2

See Milford.

35----

1 16 9

1 9 to

35----

25----

25-----

25-----

20----

20----

20----

20----

5-----

43 6 6

20-----

15 15

3-----

3-----

18-----

5 — 8 10 2

15

3

5

10

j 3«

5 *i

20 — —

10

23

4 2

18 4

10

25

10

10

37

4«

32

4

4

10 —

4 6

11 —

11 6

8 11}

288 13 8

54 >6 9

20----

17 5 4

40----

33 i° — 27 2 —

32----

23 15 —

24 3 —

23 5 —

24 10 —

6----

20-----

20----

5----

4 11

375 I® 1

— 3 i|

-76

— 5

— 12 6

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 18 9

Taken from the Inspectors

24----

looks

2 16 ioi

- 17 6 -11 6

6

6

— 12

— 12

— 10 —

— 10 —

24----

15-----

6----

4 4 — H 4

*4 2 1

20 — —

>4 4 2

10 18 4

22 12 6

9 15 —

24 7 6

9 15 —

9 15 —

36 11 3

48 4 6

32 11 —

4 11 6

4 8 11$

261 16 9*

39 16 9

20----

*7 5 4

33 2 31 17 6

25 5 2

30 13 2 23 5 —

23 13 —

«3 5-

24 10

6----

20----

20----

5-----

4 11 ~

348 4 5

20

20

5

4 11 — 237 17 7

80 15 6

57 5 —

3 *5 —

23 18 8

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

g

(Q

N

CD

Q_

cr

rORT.

OFFICERS

names.

NEWCASTLE.

Sr Jennison Wm Gordon William Charlton

Robert Williams -Charles Turner

George Ramus Sr Blackiston Conyers

Robert Page

Thomas Pittiloh -John Tousey James Pow -Joseph Fell -John Harle -William Minecan -Ralph Watson Daniel Greenwell -Hawdon Brumell -Thomas Harle John Woodcock -John Scourfield Fenwick Marshall John Collingwood -Gilbert Shotten -George Parker Edw* Collinson -William Parker -Amor Pattison

Thomas White

Jacob Wilson George Dobson -George Wright Thomas Barber -Robert Pattison -John Fawcett Thomas Spence -Nicholas Armstrong Francis Armstrong Thomas Bowman -William Forster -

Robert Jackson -

EMPLOYMENTS.

Customer Inwards

Customer Outwards Controller -

E. P.

Searcher -Collector -

E. P. and C. -Coinage Poundage -Q.A. -Deputy Controller Com1* -Q. A. -Depy Custr Inwards Depy Custr Outwards -Deputy Searcher Landing Surveyor D* -Landing Waiter -D° -D® -D° -D° -Coastwaiter -D° - at Shields Land Carriage Officer -Title Surveyor -D° - at South Shields D® - at North Shields Tides' at North Shields (dead) D° - at Howdon Pans Dep* Controller at Blythnook Tide Surveyor, Landing and"!

Coastwaiter at Blythnook J Coastwaiter at D®

D* - - at Seaton Sluice D# - at - D°

Land* and Coastwaiter Coastwr at Newbiggcn D° - at Creswell Coastw' at Amble Riding Surveyor Riding Officer -D° -D® -

/Coll' of the Coal Duties atl \ Blythnook - - - j

By what Authority appointed. Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. i Payments b? the Principals, or other Officers to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences* Net Produce of the Employment.

Patent m ‘ 27 - - 619 2 5 646 2 5 ^5 13 6 At Blythnook. 5 25 18 10 589 IO 1

D° - 27 - . 619 2 5 646 2 5 25 13 6 At Blythnook. 5 24 5 10 59i 3 1

D° - - - 20 17 6 94 284 619 2 4 1 »7 5i 25 10 — - - 31 10 10 601 16 7i

D® - 261 8 — 261 8 — 8 — At Blythnook and Sunderland. 11 16 — s. 236 12

Warrant - m 190 27 9 2 4 4 hi - - 3>9 15 4 1 1 L42 l 9 5i 15 — — 5i - 94 10 — 31 16 1 401 2 ioj

Dep" from Patentee 4»3 4 m m J56 14 7 J 1 1 1162 2 11 9 3 9 - 11 1 152 8 1

D° - — *5 — m 152 >4 7 J 1 # «4 7 — 11 1 152 3 6

D® - >52 14 7 152 7 — 11 1 152 3 6

D° - 60 113 >> — 113 11 — 12 6 112 8 6

Warrant - - - - 111 171 — — 1 10 8 1 IO — ... 33 6 — *34 *3 4

D® - - 60 111 171 — — 1 10 8 1 IO — - 33 6 — 134 >3 4

D° - 40 " 49 89 — — — — 8 1 - 3 8419 4

D® - - 40 - 84 4 8 124 4 8 — _ 8 1 — — ... 21 13 — 101 11

D° - m 40 - - 81 4 nf 121 4 "i — 8 1 — — - 19 >7 6 100 6 9i

D° - - 40 - 75 n 8 115 11 8 — 8 j — ... - 16 14 4 97 8

D° - - 40 79 6 2 119 6 2 — 8 1 — — _ - - 18 2 — 100 3 6

D® - 40 107 9 — 147 9 — — 8 1 - 4 142 8 4

Board of Customs 40 - — 35 10 — 75 10 — — 8 1 — — - > >7 - 72 12 4

Warrant - - 50 " " " 17 11 — <57 11 — — 10 8 l 5 — - 22 43 15 4

D®- - 5* " 54 9 — 104 9 — — 8 1 5 — - - 103 3 4

D° - - 50 " " - 50 — — — 8 l 5 — - 2 46 14 4

D® - 50 - ~ 6 56 — — — — 8 15 — ... — 10 — 54 4 4

D° - 50 - - Unknown. 50 — — — — 8 1 5 — - - 48 14 4

D® - - 50 " l 16 — 51 16 — — 8 1 5 — - 1 — . — 49 10 4

Dep" from Patentee 30 " — " 12 14 7 42 *4 7 — 8 — 15 — - — 10 — 41 8 it

Warrant 40 - - 2 18 — 4*2 18 — — 8 l - — *4 — 4l 3 4

D° - . 30 - - 3 33 — — — 8 — 15 — ... - - - 32 4 4

Do - 30 1146 3i *4 6 — — 8 — *>5 — - - 3° 18 10

D° - - 30 - 286 3* 8 6 — — 8 — 15 — - - 31 12 10

D® - - 40 - 46 — 44 6 — — — 8 1 - — 10 — 4* 15 4

D° - . 30 . 1 2 — 3i 2 — — — 8 — 15 — - — 4 — 30 4

Do - - 30 — — - " 2 1 — 3* 1 — 31 4 8

D® - - - 30 " — 18 6 30 18 6 — 10 — 15 — - — 12 8 29 10 —

D* - - 100 " - 100 — — 9 - - *»* 40 51 —

D° - - - 40 - - - 40 — — — 10 8 1 - 18 1 8 20 7 8

D® - - 40 m m 1 10 — 4i 10 — — 10 8 1 - 16 23 19 4

Board of Customs - 40 " - 40 — — — 10 1 - 22 16 10

D# - 40 ' 3 " 40 3 8 l — — 7 i 1 — — 38 2 4

oo

o

Id

Ov

9

OO

g

eg'

r — H

n'

CD

Q.

Q"

O

o

STOCKTON

D*

Twenty-two

Twenty-eight

Two

Three

Officers employed in

Tidewaiter, and Officers! of the Cutters - -J

Sr Jennison Wm Gordon! William Charlton -J Robert Williams -Charles Turner -George Ramus Robert Preston -

D° -Luke Elstob John Ayers -

John Robinson Thomas Eden

John Ferry -

John Robinson James APClellan -Anthony Johnson -Walter Parks

Two

Four

Two

Two

Thomas Pearson

Four

Four

Five

Two

Ilartlepoole. William Yeal Anthony Johnson D° -

Dep* Custf at Blythnook Tidewaiters Boatmeu -1)° (vacant)

Clerks to Collector

f Boardings -j Rowings -[Weighings

Quarantine Allowance

Customer Inwards

Customer Outwards -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P. -E. P. and C. -Q. A. -Deputy Customer Inwards -Deputy Customer Outwards Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P. and C. -Q. A. -Deputy Searcher -Surveyor -

fLand* Waiter, Coastwaiter,! I Searcher, and Preventive} [ Officer -J

Waiter and Searcher -D° -

Waitr and Preventive Officer

Riding Officer

Tidewaiters

D° -

Extra D° -

Boatmen -

Coal Meters Extra Tidewaiters Extra Boatmen -

Weighers -Watchman

Dep7 Custr Inwards and Outw* Deputy Controller Coast\vr and Preventive Officer

Dep* from Patentee -Warrant -D° -D° -Collector - -

Totals

Patent

D* -D° -D° -

Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D° -D° -

Dtf -

Warrant

D*

D° -D° -Hoard of Customs Warrant -D° -Board of Customs D* -

D°

Collr and Contr D° -

D*

D°

Depn from Patentee -D° -Board of Customs

660 — 700 — 50 —

*33 —

135 —

50 5

13

3.4»' 7

See Newcastle.

60-----

8 17 ij 1-----

3 15

6 15

6i

40----

30----

10

94 10 —

106 18

30----

30-----

See Hartlepoole below.

40-----‘

60-----

100----

50----

50-----

Metage.

12 11 9

Day Pay. 18 15 — D°

9 16 6

D°

16

20

ioi

30----

oo

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

g

eg'

i — H

n'

CD

CL

CT

PORT.

STOCKTON font4.

SUNDER-

LAND.

OFFICERS NAMES.

William Yeal

Anthony Johnson

Tw«

Sr Jennison Wm Gordon^ William Charlton Robert Williams -Charles Turner George Ramus John Egleston, late Christopr Hill, present

Charles Simpson -John Williamson -William Gooch -

James Nicholson -George Thompson Henry Brown Pianos Corner Nictn-las Brown -John I Is oh Samuel Dykes bonus Gibson John Hall -William Jiilcon Thomas Mascall -Robert Hill

Three

One

Extra Oliivers ployed in -

s. EMPLOYMENTS. By what Authority appointed.

Tide waiter - Warrant -

’«> Extra D Boaid of Customs

Cpal Meter - D°

Totals

Customer Inwards J Patent

D° - - Outwards D° -

- Controller - D°

Searcher - D° - J

| Collector - Warrant

E. P. and C.

Coinage P.

Depy Custr Inwards Dep* from Patentee -

- D° - - Outwards - D°

- Deputy Controller D°

E. P.and C. - -

Deputy Searcher I)0

Landing Waiter - Warrant -

D* - - - D#

D° D° - -

- Waiter and Searcher - D°

1)0 ... D°

ir - D#

D° - D°

Riding Officer D°

D° - - - D®

D° ... D°

I)° - D°

: Tidexvaiters and Boatmen I)0

D° - -I)* D*

Day Pay -

Boatmen - - - - D*

I). P.

D* Board of Customs

D. P. - ....

f Boardings - Collr and ConLr -

1 Rowings - i)°

[] Weighings - D°

Totals

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for c Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, >r other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. \mount of Foes. >ther Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusiveot Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to th* Superannuation Fund, Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment.

25 5o Metage. — 6 lO — w y - m m 25 50 — 6 10 - — 1-2 6 1 5 — - " 24 7 6 48 15 — 6 10 —

701 7 1 - 384 17 loi 1,086 4 Uj - 13 7 6 40 4 15 9 1,028 1

See Newcastle. 7* 2 14 10 - 5 H 10 234 40 30 30 30 30 35 35 40 40 40 40 240 80 40 ()0 30 ‘20 lO 6.5 H — 5 2 lO 17 IO — 4 4 — 156 11 — 146 4 C 146 4 (, J H7 a 3 IO 19 (i 9‘2 6 ( 67 — - 6.5 15 — Co 1 -2 — t>5 10 — 41 14 4 42 14 — \ 231 11 6} 146 4 .46 4 6* f ‘59 5 7 *5 3 6 132 6 6 97 93 > 5 — yO 12 — 03 10 — 76 14 4 77 >4 — 40 40 1 — 40 40 240 >120 \ 90 30 65 14 — 5 2 10 — 17 10 — 1 16 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 5 — — 15 — — 15 — — 15 — — >5 ~ — 17 6 — 17 6 6 3 — — 5 — — 15 — 40 20 21 32 22 20 19 22 189 15 6f 126 4 6f ‘25 + Of 127 — 7 *5 3 6 131 6 6 9<i 5 — 95 95 17 — 94 15 — 75 16 10 76 16 6 id 10 — 1811 — 19 10 — id 10 — -34 117 8715 _ 29 5 — 6314 — 52 10 — 17 10 —

1,09> 17 IO] 4 4 — 1,048 14 8 2,145 16 6] 3 16 — 22 113 83 1.024 — c*

00

oo

WHITBY -

o

PLYMOUTH

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

Sf Jennison W® Gordon"! William Charlton -J Customer Inwards m

Robert Williams - - Customer Outwards -

Charles Turner - - Controller - -

George Ramus - Searcher - -

Joseph Addison - - Collector - _

Coal P. -

E.P. - .

John Douglas - Deputy Customer -

Thomas Parkin - Deputy Controller E. P. - - _

William Munckman - Deputy Searcher.

D° - - Surveyor -

John Slightholm - - Waiter and Searcher - -

Coal M. - -

Feter Maxwell D° .

Coal M.

Horatio Roberts - - Additional D° _ -

Coal M. - .

William Frankland - Additional D® -

Coal M. -

Three Tidewaitr* ami Boatmen -

Coal M.

Day Pay - -

Two Boatmen -

Coal M. - .

D. P. - _ -

William Wright - - Additional Boatman - -

Coal M. - -

D. P. - .

John Hunt - - Additional Tidewaiter - -

Coal M. -

D. P* -

Thomas Vickerman - Riding Officer.

Peter Owston - JD% and Survr of the \ Offiers - Ridin 9.

Coal M. - -

Daniel Macdonald - Riding Officer - -

Coal M. -

John Spink - _ D° - -

William Gardiner - D° - -

John Thompson - - Coal Meter - *

Bryan Cooke Customer -

George Marshall - - Controller - -

Coal P. to 5th April

E. P. and C.

Q. A.- .

(Vacant) - Searcher - *

o

o

o

?r

Patent

D°

D»

D°

Warrant -

Depnfrom Patentee D®

D°

Warrant -D°

D°

Board of Customs D®

Warrant -

Board of Customs D°

Warrant -

iy

D®

Board of Customs D®

I)°

Totals -

Patent

D°

D°

[See Newcastle.

7o :----

48 6 1} " 15 4i

Coal Poundage-24 3 ~i

9 7

50-----

30-----

3 3 3

30-----

3 3 3

30-----

3 3 3 30-----

3 3 3

60-----

26 10 6 11 8 —

40-----

17 13 8

8 ,7 _

20-----

8 16 10

4 9 —

20-----

8 16 10 1 16 —

40-----

60-----

19 7 5i

3o-----

IO-----

40-----

40-----

Metage.

5 13 5»

819 13 lof

38 13 4

10 16 8

9

>8 13 5

10 10 —

19 18 4

112 16 8

70 18 5*

19 1 8

17 !3 —

17 15 6

17 15 6

17 15 6

17 *5 6

H9 19 10 112 16 8

104 9 —

1918 6713 —

50 18 50 18 50 18 9 50 18 9

97 18 6

66 10 8

33 5 10 30 12 10

11 17 6 711 6

10----

12 4 —

36 —

6 13 4

2 16 8

356 9

544 1 8

560 — 8

40 — — 9i 4 11 47 11 6

50-----

52 4 —

8 19 5}

1,176 2 n|

589 8 4

712 14 4J

28 5 H 27 3 — f

1 5 —

— 15 —

— 15 —

— 15 —

— 15 —

1 15

1 4 6J

— 12 2j

— IO IO}

40----

30----

12 IO —

.7 11 —

1 10 —

— 15 —

n 13 »1

109 19 10 100 6 8

74 9 — 2

19 1 8

58 17 —

50 3 9 50 3 9 50 3 9 5° 3 9

*0

96 2 ll| Ox

o

65 6 i£ V*

1

30 1 Ilf £4.

32 13 7i

196 9 a

255 19 10

20 1 ---

39-----

89 14 lif

46 16 6

50-----

52 4 —

8 19

1,074 8 10 J

» 7 5t 363 6 —

1 7 5f 428 4 — }

00

L/O

27 Geo. III.

g

cq‘

i-+

n'

CD

Q_

cr

PORT.

PLYMOUTH

contd.

F \LMOn II.

OFFICERS NAMES.

Henry Tolcber

Elias G ovett

John Newton

Andrew Ilill Tho# Bligh Darracott -Andrew 11 ill Joseph Lawrence -John Tolcher John Vosper John Ellis Alford -William Swan

Two

Nebemiah Hunt -In° Burrow, to 5th July,"!

aci« - - ->

Thomas Price - -J William Hopkins -John Martin John Blight -

Two Forty-five Two

Eight

Officers employed in

William Swan itich* Neiherion -

Bryan Cooke George Marshall -(Vacant)

Henry Bawilen, dec4 Sam’ IMlew, present -J

Henry Bawden, dec4 Sam* Pel lew, present J

EMPLOYMENTS.

Collector -Coal P.

E. P. and C.

Coinace P. -Q. A. -

Deputy Customer

Deputy Controller

Coal P. from 5th Ap1 Acting Searcher -Landing Surveyor Landing Waiter -D°

I)0 -

D° -

Coast Surveyor -Warehousekeeper Weighing Porters Tide Surveyor

D* -

Waiter and Searcher -Riding Officer D° -Chief Boatmen -Tidewaiters and Boatmen Boatmen -

Coal Meters

Extra Coal Meters Boardings -Watchings -Rowings -Clerk to the Collector -I)0 -

Customer - -

Controller -Searcher -

Collector -

Coal P.

E. P. and C.

Q.A.- -

Deputy Custom, r

By what Authority appointed. Salaries and Allowances lrom the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

Warrant - no

- - - 48 10

- 205 17 3$

- 111 I

... 13

Depn from Patentee -

D# -

- OO U\

Coll* and Contr -

Warrant - - 80

I)° 40

I>° 40

V 40

D° 40

D° 30

D* 30

D° 50

1)° 50

D° 55

1)° 7 10 —

1)° 35

])° 35

])° 70

])p L35°

1 r 50

Metage. |

Board of Customs l8l 10 1

I># - -

Collrand Contr- 57 7 2

| . - - 901 16 —

I - - 21 3 —

! Collector - — 4

j i)° - .

! Totals - 3.7.S<3 *3 M

Patent |

r»« 1 SeePlvmouth

\)° 1 '

Warrant - 70

- 9 19 —

M1 - 5} 20

I)epp from Patentee -

Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks.

Amount of Fee*, other Allowances and Gratuities, exclusive of Share* of Seizures.

20----

37 10 —

132 5

6 9 2

ol

oz

74

268 7 11

2133

173 11 10

71 11

28 — 6

107 16 8

191 11 6

57 3 8

57 3 8

57 3 8

57 3 8

37 18 —

20 4 —

4 10 —

20 — —

20

3 3 —

12 16 —

2,024 — 2f

14 17

Gross Produce of the Employment.

562 10

9* 11 n

For J of a Yr

79 18 11

107 16 8

271 11 6

97 3 8

97 3 8

97 3 8

97 3 8

67 18 —

50 4 —

54 10 —

70 — — -

75 — —

10 13 —

35 — —

35 — —

70 — —

1.350 — —

50 — —

194 12 1

57 7 2

901 16 —

21 3 —

— 4 —

13* 5 3-

Cm) 2 m 1 / 1

i,049 1 10J

Payments for Taxes.

i55 16 8

4 15 u

14 17 36 — 5}

I I

Payments to the Superannuation Fund.

Payments to Depones and Clerks.

33 l 7? - - - 201 7 11 - - - 328 1 —

91 11 *1

79 18 11

16 16 15 15 9 92 — 11

—— 2 - - 252 15 6

- - - 1 - 4 3 — 92 — 8

- - 1 - 4 3 — 92 — 8

- I - 4 3 — 9* — 8

- - - 1 — — - -' - 4 3 — 92 — 8

- — 15 - 67 3 —

- - - — 15 - 15 — 48 14 —

- - - 1 5 - 53 5 —

1 5 — - . " 5 — — 15 —

- - - — 12 6 - - - 74 7 6

- - - — S 9 - - - , 10 9 3

- " — 17 6 - - - - 34 2 6

- - " — 17 6 - - - - 34 2 6

- - - 1 15 - 68 5 —

- - 29 16 n£ - - - - 1.320 3 1

- " 1 5 - 48 15 —

104 12 1

57 7 2

901 16 —

* 21 3 —

4 5 If

69 2 7*

*’5 6 4i 45 8 2 i 653 16 11 40 17 8 5.203 12 n

Co 17 8

Other

contingent

Expewces.

Net Produce of the Employment.

— 2

— 12 9

00

On

o

3:

190 1 1

00

35 7 81

c

rf*

K>

FOWEY

NJ

g

eg'

r+

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

Rowland Platt Deputy Controller

Coal P. - -

E. P. and C.

Q. A. - -

Daniel Pender - fWaiter, Searcher, and De-"| 1 puted Search1 - -/

Do - - Landing Surveyor -

For Duty at Penryn

Thomas Andrew . D° -

Richard Baker _ D° -

Janies Wallis - Tide Surveyor -

Robert Jago . D° -

Thomas Currant . Riding Officer -

Ten Tide waiters -

‘ Six Boatmen - -

Eight Preferable Tidewaters

Fifty Extra D° - -

Two Coal Meters - - _

Five Extra D° - -

Janies Wallis - Superintendant of Quarantine

Eight Extra Boatmen - -

Four Extra Weighers -;

Bryan Cooke Customer -

George Marshall - Controller - -

(Vacant) - Searcher -

John Courts . Collector - -

Coal P. - -

E. P. and C.

D° - - Deputy Customer -

Henry Couche - Deputy Controller -

- Coal P. Half a Year

Commission _

Rob* Parker Flamank - Deputy Searcher

D° - - Landing Waiter - -

William Cotton . Survr, Waiter, and Searcher

James Cock- - Waiter and Searcher

Stephen Willcock - D°

William Husband D° _

Nicholas Ventries D° _

Samuel Carnec - D° -

John Hawkins - Rid* Off and Coastwaiter -

John Williams . D° .

Peter Ilushand _ D° .

John White - . D° _

James Hill - - D° _

Five Tidewaiters and Boatmen

Officers employed in f Boardings -^Rowings - -

Dtf

Warrant -D°

D°

D°

D°

I)0

D°

D°

D®

Board of Customs D°

Collr and Contror D°

D°

D°

Totals

Patent

D°

D°

Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D° -

D°

Warrant

D°

D°

Do

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D*

D°

D°

D°

Total#

g

eg'

i- — *-

ni'

CD

CL

CT

PORT.

gweek

LOOE

PADSTOW

OFFICERS NAMES.

Bryan Cooke George Marshall -(Vacant) William Johns

D° -

Thomas Moore -

Bennet Pascoe John King -Thomas Odgers -

Three

Bryan Cooke George Marshall (Vacant) John Whitter

D° -

Rich* Puddicombe

John Soady -Step" Puddicombe

Robert Johns

Thomas Penscnt -

Two

Two

Bryan Cooke George Marshall -(Vacant) Chai Phillips

EMPLOYMENTS.

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P. -E. P. and C. -For a Horse Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P. and C. -Waiter and Searcher -D° -Preventive Officer (Tidewaiters Boatmen -Day Pay 1 and [Coal Meters

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P. -E. P. and C.

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P. and C.

{Land* Tide Surveyor, and! Riding Officer - -J Waiter and Searcher -fRid* OfP, Land* Wait-Waiter,

er, Coast [ Searcher Riding Officer Tidew and Boatmen Coal M. -Boatmen

Extra Boatmen -

Customer Controller Searcher Collector -

Coal P.

and

-J

By what Authority appointed.

Patent

D*

D°

Warrant

Depn from Patentee D° -

Warrant -D° -Board of Customs D° -

Totals

Patent -D° D°

Warrant

Depn from Patentee D°

Warrant -

D’

D°

D°

m

D°

D°

Patent

D°

D°

Warrant

Totals

-1

Salaries and Payments by the Amoant of Fees,

Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment

See Plymouth.

6o ... 37 8 11

I 8 7i 46 11 — I - " " H5 8 7i 13 13 — *3» 15 7t

IO — 714 7 ... 7 >4 7 7 »4 7

7 H 7 3 13 4 f 47 »9 8| 47 19

— 19 4 .

35 n 5$ - - ... J

30 - 5 n 6 35 12 6 m m m — 15 — ... ... 34 *7 6

30 m m . 10 1 6 40 1 6 m m m — 15 — ... ... 39 6 6

20 - ... 20 20

30 22 12 — — m m mm [5* — J 52 12 —

Metage. 1

396/ m ~ 396 3 9 6

290 12 11$ 15 9 a 4616 3 35* 18 4* r 1 IO — . 13 13 — 337 »5 4i

See Plymouth.

60 " 5 »i 1

118 7 - - >87 14 4 1 IO ... ... — 4 5l 85 19 lof

24 9 10 - - - 1 ... J

- 5 19 — 5 '9 — 5 19 —

30 7 >4 ... 1

— 19 4 m m m ... f57 15 3i m m — 15 — ... 3 2$ 56 18 — i

19 1 io{ ... J

60 — — m rn m 3 8 6 63 8 6 1 10 — 1 10 - — 3 9i OO 0 <0

40 " 5 11 — 45 u — 44 8 3

50 m m 2 16 6 53 16 6 1 5 — 1 5 — - — 3 50 2 7f

35 m m m m m mm 35 . — 136 ... — 36 34 5 —

10 16 9 > 60 l6 9 ... 1 5 — . — 4 — 59 7 9

50 - — 3 — 50 3 — ... 5 — - — 3 if 48 14 io|

— 12 — " " m m — 12 — 12

432 >8 5 13 '3 >3 4 »°i 459 >6 4* 4 5 — 7 12 6 - 1 6 8$ 446 12 li

See Plymouth.

40 7 10 6 [47 »o 6 . ... 20 - 37 10 6

oo

Os

Os

o

S3

oo

g

CQ

N

CD

Ql

cr

O

O

oo

o

o

to

PENRYN.

D* -

Walter Oke

D® -

John Symons William Taylor John Wade -Edward Clode

William Avery

Samuel Martyn

Joseph Avery

John Fuge -

Two

Two

Four

Four

Officers employed in

Bryan Cooke George Marshall (Vacant) Robert Crowgey

D° .

John Dyer -

Daniel Pender D° -

John Jordan

John Nicholas

Three

Four

PENZANCE.

Bryan Cooke George Marshall -(Vacant)

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller CoaiP. -Acting Searcher -Waiter and Deputed Search1, Riding Officer D° -

Waiter and Searcher -Coal M. - .

D° -Coal M. -D° -Coal M. -Coastwr and Rid* Officer Coal M. -Sittr in the Boat at Tintagel Tidewaiters

Tidewr# and Boatmen -Boatmen -

Coal Meters Boardings -Rowings -Weighings -

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coinage P.

E. P. and C.

Coal P. -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller E. P. and C.

Coal P. -Acting Searcher -Surveyor -

fLand* and Coaslwr, and^ Tide Surveyor Tidewr and Boatman Weighing Tidewr# and Boatmen Coal M. -Weighing Extra Tidewaiters

Deptt from Patentee D°

D°

Warrant -D°

D*

Board of Customs D°

D°

D°

Customer

Controller

Searcher

Totals

Patent

D°

D°

Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D°

D°

Warrant -D* D°

D°

Collector«

Totals

Patent

D°

'i7 Geo. III. Januarii.

g

cq'

i"-h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

PORT.

PENZANCE contd.

ST. IVES.

OFFICERS NAMES.

John Scobell

D°-Edward Hosking

John Treluddra -Nicholas Tresidder William Watkins Daniel Bamfield -Dan1 Bamfield, Junr Samuel Lambrick William Ilosking -Thomas Davies -

Eleven Four

Ten

Officers employed in

Bryan Cooke George Marshall (Vacant) William Stevens

Thomas Waller -Tho* Ilickens, Junr

Andrew Stevens Nathaniel Hicks Hugh Mulfra Will Biggleslone Christ1, Stevens Ilemy Williams

William Hie kens

EMPLOYMENTS.

Two

Two

Nine

Collector -

Coal P.

E. P. and C. Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. and C. Acting Searcher Surveyor -Landing Waiter -Land* and Coast* Waiter D° -

Coastwaiter to 9th Deer Coastwr and Hid* Officer Sitter -Tidewaiters Boatmen -

Coal Meters Boardings -Rowings -Weighings

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P.

E. P. -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E.P. -Acting Searcher Surveyor -Waiter and Searcher -D° -

Itid* and Preventive Offr D° -

f Surveyor, Riding OfTr and\ \ Coastwaiter -Boatmen -Tidewaiters

Coal Meters Preferable Tidewaiters Preferable Boatmen

-j

By what Authority appointed.

Warrant

Depn from Patentee D*

D°

Board of Customs Warrant -D°

D°

D°

Board of Customs Warrant -Board of Customs

Totals -

Patent

D°

D°

Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D°

D°

Warrant -D°

Board of Customs Warrant -D°

D°

D°

D°

Board of Customs I)°

D#

Totals

>2

2 ~ <*

0 JPlo <5

ST ?i* S*

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

60-----

9 5 *»i

7 >5

4 12 i>l

6 6 loj

20----

30----

40----

30----

27 13 5

30----

30----

275----

100----

Metage.

17 6 8

35----

47 4 6

2191

Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks.

Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures.

26 6 nf

5 15 9

791 15 5

See Plymouth

30-----

3'2 12 2| 154 1 9i

30-----

16 6 110 2 84

35----

IO-----

35-----

30-----

25-----

35-----

30-----

50-----

Metage.

100 10 4*

12 3 —

23 4

759

3

3*

44 14 7

36 17 5

81 12 —

Gross Produce of the Employment.

68 16 6j

77 1 7i

37 12 6

51----

76 l6 --

35 18 6

46 6 6

6 6 — 6 6 —

Fund.

Taxes.

406 3 8

87 II 4

30 19 — 21 4 6

40 IO

20 --

3 5 4

203 10 2

H5 18 5?

26 6 nf

93 17 3

37 12 6

71----

106 16 —

75 18 6

76 6 6

27 13 5

36 6 —

36 6 —

275----

100----

17 6 8

35----

47 4 6

21 9 1

1,230

5 4

| 304 <5 4

74 M

| 19*

2t 4

75 10 —

30----

38 5

30----

25 —

35----

30----

50----

100 10 4

123 —

23 4 -

!»°44 3 5

3 —

2 8

13 6

13 6

15 —

1 4 8 4

2 8

— 10 —

— 15 —

— 15 —

— 13 10

— 15 6 17 2 10

3------13 16

Payments to Deputies and Clerks.

30----

Other

contingent

lixpeuces.

IO 12 8

12 2

4 12 6

10 15 6

10 11

10 — —

30-----

58 14

Net Produce of the Employment.

00

OO

105 5 9f

26 6 lif

93 *7 3

37 11 6

58 5 —

101 5 10

63 9 6

64 6 6

26 19 7 25 11 —

35 9 8

267 14 2 97 7 4 17 6 8

35----

47 4 6

21 9 I

1,124 11 3t

-- 17 6

— 5 —

— 17 6

— 15 —

— 126

— 176

— 11 4

i 5 —

o\

3:

304 6 4

74 l4 7 J94 5 4*

214 6

74 12 6 29 15 —

37

29

24

34

29

7 10 5 — 7 6 2 6

8 8 L

4» .5 -

loo 10 4$ *

,2 3 — >-

23 4 —

---------00

».°38 2 4 ^4

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

TRURO

O

r

t

SCILLY

99

Bryan Cooke George Marshall (Vacant) -John Tippet

D° -Robert Palmer -

Martin Sholl Edmd Donnithorne Martin Sholl

Six

Officers employed in

- Bryan Cooke

George Marshall -(Vacant) Edward Rogers -

Thomas Hall

Thomas Hall

No

Four

Two

Two

Customer -Controller -

Searcher -

Collector *

Coal P.

Patent

D#

D°

Warrant -

E. P. and Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. E.P.

C

Dep" from Patentee D°

Acting Searcher Surveyor -Waiter and Searcher -Tidewaiters

Day Pay Weighings Boardings

Rowings -Coal Metage

D°

Warrant -D#

Totals

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P.

E. P. and C. Deputy Controller Coal P. E.P. and C Deputy Customer Surveyor

Boatmen -D* -

Boatmen on Day Pay

Patent

D°

D#

Warrant -

Dep® from Patentee

Warrant

D°

Board of Customs

Totals -

POOLE.

Nathaniel Bond Christr Oliver John Wickens

- Customer -

- Controller -

- Searcher

Patent

D°

Constitution

John Lander

D* -

Samuel Weston -

Thomas Courtin -PeUr Jo Hide

- Collector

Coal P. E. P. and

C

Warrant -

Coinage P. Q.A.

- Deputy Customer

- Deputy Controller

Dep" from Patentee D#

Coal P.

E. P. and C Q.A.

- Deputy Searcher

- Lands and Tide Surveyor

Q.A.

D*

Warrant

o

o

oc

o

PORT.

POOLE

cont

l.YME

OFFICERS NAMES.

I '

i Thom a* CouFtin I William Green i William Pike Moses Hooper llenry Bestland -

Thomas Bristow -Thomas C room be a Nath. Florence

Chas Pope Shank George Hyde

Nine

One

One

Four Twenty-two

Rob1 Arrowsmith

One

Four

~ j ...: .;

i - EMPLOYMENTS. j; j By wlitofrAuthonty appoimed. ~

Landing Waiter ,;

D° -

D - - *

D* «. —

Coastwaiter -

Coal U. -r

D° - _

Riding Officer -

D° -

fTidew* and Boatman,' and T

1 Acting Coastwaiter - -]

Coal M.

Tidewr and Boatm" - .

Coal M. - -

Tidewrl and Boatm"

D° -Boatman -

Coal Meters Extra Tidew* and Boatm1

4

\ai

Q.A.

Weighing Porter Commf of the Vessel in 1

Poole Harbour - -J

Q. A.

Planners - Q. A.

Quarantine Allowance to the blaster, Mate, and Mariners of the Laurel Cutter.

Nathaniel Bond -Christpr Oliver John Wrckens John War rest -

D° -Will^ Peterson

Arthur Raymond -. D° -Giles Davie

John Kerby Will- Pete rson, Junr

Customer -Controller - *

Searcher Collector -

Coal P. Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. Deputy Searcher Surveyor - *

Landing Waiter -Coal M. D* -Riding Officer -

Warrant -» - .

D° -

D° -

D°

D°

Board of Customs Warrant -D°

d*:

D* I

D°

Board of Customs

Warrant -

D* -

Board of Customs

D«

Collr and Contr Warrant -

D°

D°

Totals -

Patent

tr

Constitution Warrant -

Depn from Patentee

D#

D"

Warrant -!)"

TT

D#

Salaries and

Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

» -

Payment* by the Principals, jor lAtffcr Officers, Ucfthe Deputies and C4erks.

40-----

4*>----

40-----

40 — —

5-----

3 vo n 40-----

50-----

5o-----

30-----

1 a 1

30----

1 H 9i

270-----

2 4 _

5-----

30-----

Mctage. 54 18 —

206 13 —

30 — — 54 9 9

117 19 —

1 12 — w

8 16 —

1,604 4 7i

See Poole.

80-----

17 11 2|

20-----

8 15 71

10----

70-----

40-----

— 17 10-J

40-----

75-----

42 »5 —

11 12 jo

1 i T -

imopat of Fee*, phtf'Allowances,; and Grafbitiek, ixCl usi ve Of Shares of Seiaures. - r j Gross-Produce. of the Employment. T 1 3 r - - Payments for Taxes. ! .? 7 — Payment* to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to deputies ‘ and Clerks. Other contingent Ex peaces. mf Net Produce of the Employment.

3° 9 6 9- 6 1 ~ . 69 9 fi

35 »4 — 75 1+ — - 1 74 14 —

34 4 — 74 4 — - 1 - - ! 73 4 —

37 2 6 77 - - 1 — - - ! 76 2 6

— 7 } 18" - - — 12 6 - - 28 5 6

25 10 6 65 10 6 - 1 * 64 10 6

- 50 - 1 5 — 15 33 »5 —

- 30 - 15 — 15 33 >5 —

7 — — I 38 2 1 m m _ — 15 — - - 37 7 *

7 38 14 9$ - — is — . - 37 '9 9§

- >272 4 — - 6 15 — A . - 265 9 —

... 25 — 1 — 126 - . to 24 7 6

m m 30 — - — 15 — " " ... 29 5 —

- 5418 — 'I - - 54 —

U07 — — 207

- J 30 'i mm m mm — 15 — - - 29 5 —

| 55 9 9 1 6 — - - 54 3 9

119 n — m m m 1 4- . - 118 7 —

- 8 16 — 8 16 —

1,022 13 8| 2,669 13 3! 49 6 — 23 — 7 152 — 4 33 — 2,4 2 4 4z

811 2 106 2 4J 5 1 6 40 6i — io|

27 11 1 27 11 1 27 »i 1

27 3 3 j 55 18 toi - — 10 — " - 55 8 it>4

J 21 12 10 _ — 5 — - - 21 710

8 8 — 78 8 — 11*8 — 1 15 — - - 65 5 —

10 16 9 } 5i H - 1 - . 50 14 7l

10 16 9 50 16 9 ... 1 - - 49 16 9

75 ~ 1 10 — 73 «o —

VC

o

Os

t

g

QO

-a

O

p

to

WEYMOUTH.

o

o

o

o*

FT

SAMDWKII.

Thomas Dewsberry Rid* Off' and Coastwaiter

Robert Clapcutt - D® - and D6 -

Coal M.

John Stopard D° - and D* -

Benj. Dom. Puddicombe Six D° - -

Tidewaiters - -

Thomas Kaibes - Coal Meter - -

Extra Coal Meters.

Three Boatmen - .

Day Pay *

Nathaniel Bond - Customer - *

Christr Oliver Controller - - .

John Wickens Searcher - _ .

William Weston - Collector - .

Coal P. - .

E. P. and C.

Q. A.- - _

D® - Deputy Customer _

Jonathan Fowler - Deputy Controller - .

Coal P. . _

E. P. and C. _

Q. A.- .

John Crouch. Jun* Deputy Searcher -

D° - landing Surveyor - -

Thomas Johns Landing Waiter -

Peter Aubie Bussell D° - .

Peter Theddam - Tide Surveyor -

Q.A.- - -

John Crouch, Sen* fSupervisor of the Riding 1 Officers ... }

Francis Tewkesberry James Saunders, from! Riding Surveyor -D° - -

*2ist June - - J " "

WiltitHn Old D® -

Henry Weston D° - _

lliomas Thorne - D® _

John Martin Riding Surveyor -

Six Tidewr* and Boatmen - .

QaA. -

Two Boatmen -

Officers employed in Boardings -Coal Metage - -

Matthew Rrettingham Customer -

Bob1 Lathropp Controller - .

Will® Hugesson - Searcher -

1 , -

D® -D# -

D° - *-

Board of Customs Warrant -

Board of Customs

Collr and Contr Board of Custooif

Totals

Patent -D®

Constitution -Warrant -

l)epn from Patentee D® -

D° -Warrant -D° -D® -

D" -

I)° .

D° -

D° -D° -

D° -

Board of Customs Warrant -

Board of Custom D® -D° -

Totals -

Patent D* . D# -

-J

75 — 1

-j - j

-I

-1

*ty *' v 73 —

>g

0 " 5;

3 31 P

1 &52

D

PORT.

SANDWICH

cont4.

o

o

?r

DEAL

OFFICERS NAMES.

Will* Jordan

D* -Benjamin Denne

John Jordan Hen* Kelly Bradford

Edward Nairne -Rich4 Lawrence Bowles -Valentine Sayer -Stephen Holman -John Cowper John Westbeech -John Slaughter -

Richard Laming -In° Tim* Swainson James Mitchenor -Roger Taylor

Twenty-three One Nine

Two

Two

Six

Officers employed in

Matthw Brettingham Rob* Lathropp Will. Hugesson Benj® Sayer-

D° -Jacob Frieiid

EMPLOYMENTS.

Collector ... Coal P.

E. P. -Q.A.

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. -Q. A.

Deputy Searcher -Survr and Landing Waiter Q.A.- -

Supervr of the Rid* Officers Riding Officer D° -D° -Tide Surveyor D*

Coast Waiter

Q.A.- -

Waiter and Searcher -Acting Lande Waiter -Dep* Searcr at Margate Sitter

Boatmen -D* -

Tide Waiters Q. A.

D# -

Boardings D# - at Margate Boardings Coal Meters

Coal M. Boardings -Rowings Watchings -

Customer -Controller -Searcher Collector

Coal P. -E. P. and C. Q. A. -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. and C

Q.A.

By what Authority appointed.

Warrant -

Dep" from Patentee D°

D°

Warrant -

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

Board of Customs Dep" from Patentee Board of Customs Warrant -Board of Customs Warrant -

Board of Customs

D*

D#

Totals

Patent

D

D

Warrant

Dep1 from D

Patentee

Salaries and Payments by the Principals, Amount of Fees,

Allowances from other Allowances

the Crown, for or other Officers, and Gratuities,

Self, Deputies, to the Deputies exclusive of Share*

and Clerks. and Clerks. of Seizures.

70 m m

30 6 9* rn mm m

78 >5 9 A — — m mm

T 20 IO 1

IO 5 18 —

»5 3 4i

65 12 7I O _

J 11 3 11 — IO 7

50 - - - 67 IO —

226 - -

100 — . — 60 - -

60 60 -

50 - - - 14 12 4

50 - .

50 ... l6 l6

2 2 6 - .

50 - 20 2 4

50 - 17 2 —

1 4 11 l6 4

40 .

690 ——

30 -

225 - -

4 — - -

*20 - -

30 - -

36 14 .

30 85 >7 7 ... m m m

244 9 — - m* m* m

113 12 — .

— 12 — .

2,523 2 11J 3813 4 802 8 3

:1 j See Sandwich.

J 110 — — 21 3 11

18 10 8$ - .

in 19 7i mmmm - .

7 10 1 — 13

3116

9 5 34 .

86 a i| ...

5 5 — ... - -

Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Tares. Payments to the Superasiuoation Fuud. Payments to Deputies end Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment*

[183 2 6$ 6 15 10 - 40 m m m 136 6 8|

J 20 IO 1 20 10 1

I 99 14 — i 99 14 — }

J 11 14 6 % 11 14 6

>119 12 6 . 5 — - 12 106 7 6

100 60 60 60 64 12 4. 50 7 5 — 1 10 — 1 10 — 1 10 — 2 IO — 1 IO — 1 IO — 1 IO — 1 5 — 5 — - 3 3 — 4 90 5 — 57 57 57 60 4 4 48 »5 —

I 68 18 6 - 1 5 - . 67 13 6

70 2 4 67 2 12 17 8 40 690 30 . 1 5 — 17 5 — — 15 — . - 2 2 — 3 3 — 66 15 4 63 19 — 12 17 8 39 672 15 — *9 5 —

>229 14 — 5 12 6 - i m 224 1 6

} 50 . — 10 — . m m m 49 10 —

| 50 - — 18 — 49 —

|"5 17 7 115 17 7

244 9 — 113 1* — — 12 — 244 9 — 113 12 — — 12 —

3.36+ 4 61 23 19 8 39 5 6 276 19 84 24 13 6 2,999 6 24.

I268 14 3 16 3 — 20 — — 232 11 3

J 23 1 — 23 1 —

ji°4 3 »»i — 1 2 m m + 2 12 6 ft - , 101 10 34

vo

Os

9

I.

00

C

t*

to

DOVER

to cr

o

o

o

rT

William Collman - Deputy Searcher _ D°

Sol. Kelly Terrier - '\Vaitr and Searcr to i8thl July - - - -| D° - -

John Durban Act5 D° from 18th July - ColT and Cont r -

George Ludewig - Tide Survr to l Sth July - Warrant -

Q. A. - -

Sol. Kelly Terrier - D° from 18th July - D° - -

Samuel Tisher "Sitter at S* Margaret, froml 2 3d Jany - - - j D° - -

John Enston Riding Officer - D° - -

Samuel Brothers - D° - - D° - -

John Pepper D° - - D° -

Stephen Sayer D° - - D° - -

Two Tide waiters - D° - -

Twelve Boatmen - . D° .

Q. A. - -

Ten Tidewaiters - Board of Customs -

Day Pay - -

One Tidewr and Boatman - - D° - -

Q. A.

Two Boatmen - - D* -

Two Coal Meters - D® - -

Totals -

Maltw Brettingliam Customer - - - Patent _ -1

Rob1 I«athropp Controller - - D° - .1 I

Will Hugesson - Searcher - - D° - -J

James Gunman - Collector - _ Warrant -

Coal P. - _ .

E. P. and C. - - - .

Q. A. - -

D° - - Deputy Customer - Depn- from Patentee -

Rooth Colebran - Deputy Controller - D° - -

Coal P. - -

E. P. and C. - -

Q.A. - -

Richard Cowley - Deputy Searcher - D® - -

Janies llammond - - Surveyor - - Warrant -

Thomas Boy ton - Lands Waiter Coast - D° - .

'1 l onuis Wood Coastwr and Land* Wait* - Board of Customs -

\\ ulm Goodwin Tide Surveyor - Warrant -

Q.A. - -

John Norris - - Add1 D° - - Board of Customs -

Q.A. - -

Henry Andrews - Tide Surveyor D° - -

William Jordan - fSupeiV of the Rid* 1 liters - Of-1 . - -

Tho* Tournay D° - - D® _

Thomas Jordan Riding Officer D® - .

Thomas Reynolds - D° - - - . D® .

William Legget - D° - - D° - -

Richard Gray D° - - - - D* -

Ifci

<1

o

w

o

ON

NO

PORT.

DOVER

fontd.

FAVER-

SHAM

o

o

o

77

OFFICERS NAMES.

William Elliot

Stephen Kenntt William Slodden Thomas Rolfe William Mercer Sam1 Gramshaw Edwd El stead Nicholas Bourne John Gill

D° -Francis Forest

Three

Twenty-two

Seven

John Andrew®

Seven

Extra Officers employed in

Matthw Brettingharn Rob* Lathropp Wrillm Hugesson -Careless Franklin

D® -Robert Mein

James Stone D°

Thomas Stone John Crowter Francis Rouse Henry Baker llenricufc Clifton (dead) John Knock Thomas Lane

Four

EMPLOYMENTS.

Riding Officer and Warehoused E. P.

D# -D° -D° -D* -D° -D* -D* -Dep7 Custr at Folkston Riding Officer D° -Clerks to the Collector Com®

Tidewr* and Boatmen Q. A.

Coal M.

Extra Tidewaiters Day Pay Q. A.

Chief Boatman -Boatmen -Boardings -Watchings Coal Metage

Customer - .

Controller -Searcher -Collector -

For a Horse, and ext* Duty Coal P.

E. P.

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P.

Deputy Searcher Surveyor -Waiter and Searcher -Riding Officer D° -D* -D« -Coastwaiter Register of Wool Boatmen - -

By what Authority appointed. Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, txclusivepfSbares of Scisnrcs. t Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expence*. Net Produce of the Employment.

Board of Customs 6o 25 n 9 } 85 11 9 2 — 9| 1 IO — . 1311 — 68 9 ni

D° - 60 - 60 1 IO 1 IO — - 13 8 — 43 12 —

D* - 60 2 19 — 62 19 — 1 IO 1 IO — - 13 10 — 46 9 —

D° - 60 — IO — 60 10 — 1 IP — 1 IO — - 13 10 — 44

D° - 60 - 1 lo- 61 10 — 1 IO 1 IO — ... 13 8 — 45 2 —

D° r 60 - - 60 1 IO 1 IO — - 57

D° - 60 - 4 14 10f 64 14 loj 1 IO 1 .10 — ... 13 »» — 48 3 iof

D° - 60 - 8176 68 17 6 1 IO 1 10 — «» m m 13 15 — 5* 2 6

Depn from Patentee - *4 5 — . 14 5- 26 — 11 19 —

Warrant - 60 - 60 1 IO- 1 10 — „ _ 57

D° - 60 - _ 6o 1 IO 1 xo — mm — m m m 57

Collector - 24 — 120 7 6 > 220 f 220 —

Warrant - 660 18 a 8 m m m 1 4 3 > 7i* *5 3 mm m rn 16 10 — m m m . 696 5 3

Board of Customs 3* 8 4 70 109 10 — 4 2 J- 195 4 1 15 — 193 9

D° - 11 12 — 35 .: :: 35 _ m‘ — 17 6 . m m 34 2 6

Warrant - *210 - 210 — ... 5 5 — ... - - - 204 15 —

- 494 ,6 — - 494 16 — 494 16 —

- - 36 12 - 3612 — Taken from the Inspector's Book - 36 12 —

m m 32 >3 rn m 31 13 H 31 13 8|

Totals 3.633 17 5$ 178 19 2 4*20 19 6i 4,233 16 2 58 18 9i 56 17 6 120 164 1 8 3.833 18 2*

Patent 0 D° -D° -Warrant - See Sandwich. 60 14 37 6 g{ - 20 4 6 -f 147 10 — 6 14 9 1 IO 30 19 7 9 89 17 6f

Dep* from Patentee - 15 »8 8 11 8 9 - - -J 22 8 9 22 8 9

D° m rn m m 10 — — 18 13 4l 13 — 10 7 2 6 1 ~ > 60 16 7J 60 16 7$

D° - I I 11 19 10J >* *5 3i - *J >1 15 3i . _ _ m m m ... 11 15 3i

Warrant - 40 - 20 60 — — 1 " - " - 59

D° - 30 - 18 11 48 11 — ... — 15 — - 47 16 —

D° - 60 - - 60 1 IO 1 IO 16 13 1# 40 6 2

D° - 60 — - - 60 — — 1 IO 1 10 — 15 IO — 41 10

D° - 60 r - - - m m m 60 1 IO 1 10 — - 14 43

D° - 60 - 5 4 — ^5 4 — 1 IO 1 10 — - >4 48 4 —

D* - 40 - 11 51 1 - 12 38 —

D° - 30 - 7 5 — 37 5 — - — 15 — - ... 3010 —

D° - IOO m m m 100 — — 1* 2 IO — m m m - 97 10 —

so

QO

o

h

if*

ROCHESTER

o

o

o

FT

TON

Ten Coal Meters Board of Customs.

Pour Extra Boatmen - -

Wilton.

John Lea - Deputy Customer - DepB from Patentee.

George Budds Deputy Controller - D° -

Coal P. - - .

Henry Grace - Deputy Searcher D® -

Richard Wrest - Coast waiter - Warrant -

Totals -

Mattw Brettingham . Customer — Patent

Rob1 Lathropp - Controller - D° 4

Will® Hugesson - - Searcher - D° -J

John Nightingale - Collector - Warrant

Coal P. - .

Q- A. - ... _

D° - - Deputy Customer - Depn from Patentee.

John Nicholson - Deputy Controller - D°

Coal P. - ... _

Q. A. - ..

Thoina3 Harwood - Deputy Searcher - D°

D° - - Surveyor - Warrant.

Robert Dixon - Waiter and Searcher - - D° _

John Rhodes . Survr, Wait', and Searcher Riding Officer - D°

Charles Tankard - - - Board of Customs _

rl homas Wiseman - D° - - - D° m

George Evans Baker Supervisor of the Riding Officers Warrant.

D° - - Deputy Customer atQueenbro' Depn from Patentee.

D° - - Deputy Searchr at D° -; D#

James Ongley - Dep* Contr at Queenbro' - D° _

D° - - 1 Rid? Offr and Coastwaiter - Warrant

Richard Hewes - - Riding Officer - D° „

Twelve Tidewaiters . D°

Two Boatmen - D° _

Two D° ... Board of Customs -

Fourteen Coal Meters _ D°

Extra Tidewaiters - ..

Quarantine Allow* - fThe Master, Mate and M \ rines of the Otter Cutter -}

Totals -

Will® Brnmraell - Customer Patent

Rob* Stannard . Controller . D°

Jos. Sherer - _. Searcher D°

Sieph" Lintott . Collector . Warrant

Coal P. . - - .

Coinage P. - ... *

E. P. and C. - .

VO

Ch

27 Geo. III. %6° JanuariL

o

o

OQ

O

PORT.

SOUTHAMPTON conld.

OFFICERS NAMES.

Steph* Lintott William Watson -

Allen Piper, late \ John Hibbs, acting/ John Brissault George Miller Charles Marr Nichf Robinson

Eight

Two

William Dale Josh Stevens Jeans John Burscy James Noyce Will® Newsam Rob* Reeks Philip Burrard John How

Thomas Langford Matt* Woody ear -John White way -D° -Jos. Wickenden -

Edward Roe George Tkring

William Trattle -

Four

Six

Officers employed in -

Thomas Hasker -Samuel Serrell Robert Benham -Daniel Rutter William Donkin, Junr 1 hu* Dermer, Junr William Benncham John Smith James Meer

EMPLOYMENTS.

Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E.P. and C.

Surveyor -

Landing Waiter -

D° .

D° -Tide Surveyor Tidewaiters -

Rid* Offr and Coastwaitr Rid* Survr and Coastwaitr Riding Officer.

D° -D° -D° -

Rid* Survr and Coastwaiter -Waitr, Search', and Coastwr -Boatmen at Lymington Rid* Offr and Coastwaitr D° -

Depy Customr at Lymington Depy Search' at D°

Depy Controller at D° -Coal P.

Coastwaiter D° -

fCollector of Coal Duties at! 1 Lymington -/

Coal P.

Coal Meters at D#

D° - - at Southampton

f Boardings.

I Watchings -

Regr of Certificates at Jersey Waiter and Search' at D#

D° - at D°

Boatman at D*

D° - at D<»

Regr of Certificates at G uernsey Waiter and Search' at Boatman at D° -D° - from 20 March

By what Authority appointed.

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks.

Depn from Patentee D°

Warrant -

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

V*

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

]>o

D°

Deputation from the Patentee

Board of Customs D°

D°

D°

D°

Warrant -D° I>o 1)° 1>° D° D° I)° L)°

Totals

Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks.

Amount of Fees, other Allowancesi and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures.

Gross Produce of the Employment.

Payments for Taies.

Payments to the Superannuation Fund.

Payments to

Deputies and Clerks.

- - 66 17 6 56 — — 122 *7 6 - 50 1 1

20 — — 20 — — IO 9 6 1

24 7 4i - - - - } 162 5 10i

87 9 X "5 - - - - J

75 - 55 10 — 130 10 — 6 17 6 1 *7 6 - - - . - .

40 - 38 15 — 78 15 — - - - 1 — — . _ m

40 - 36 11 — 76 11 — - - - 1 — — . _ _

40 - 28 17 — 68 17

50 - 20 — — 70 - 1 5 — - .

240 - 240 — — - - v 6 — — - - . _ .

50 - 2 — 6 52 — 6 - - - 1 5 — - - - .

100 - 5 — — 105 — — 14 10 — 2 10 — - - - .

50 - - 50 - 1 5 — - - - .

50 - 50 - 1 5 — - - - _ .

50 - 50 — — - - 1 5 — - - - .

50 - 50 - 1 5 — _ _

190 - 13 7 6 7 6 H 10 — 2 10 — m

50 - 6 9 — 56 9 — - - 1 5 — _ _ _

60 - - 60 — - - - 1 10 — . . m

50 - 1 10 — 51 10 — — 10 — 1 5 — _ . _ _ m

50 - 7 >5 6 57 *5 6 — 10 — 1 5 — _ m

- 17 — io£ 41 13 8 58 *4 6*

- - 12 4 10 6 — 23 — 4

20 — — 12 12 10 — 13 4f } 35

2 2 lof - - - - 9 1

50 - 1 1 6 5i 1 6 — 10 — 1 5 — _ _ _ m

5° — - - 9 »3 — 59 >3 — — 10 — 1 5 — - -

30 - 3 9 —

4 5 9 - - - - } 37 >4 9

Metage. 4i

39 8 11 - - - 59 3 98 12 si

D>

152 9 1 - - - 228 13 7f 3« 2 81

82 - - 82 - - . _

108 4 — - - - 108 4 —

60 — - - - Go - 1 10 — - . _ _

40 - - 40 - 1 — — - .

40 - - 40 - 1 ——

25 - 25 - — 12 6 -

25 - 25 - — J2 6 - m

60 - 60 — — - - 1 IO — - .

40 - z 40 ... — - - - 1 ——

25 - 25 — — - - . — 12 6 - - .

*9 18 7 - - - - 19 18 7 - - — 9 11 - -

.33 5 84 129 5 1,70 2 2 2 i 4.44 13 5i 88 6 >4 39 9 11 452 1 os CO 14 a to

Other

contingent

Expences.

Net Produce of the Employment*

98 12

31

VO

Os

72 17 6 162 5 lOf

121 15 —

77 »5 — 75 11 —

67 17 —

68 15 —

23+----

50 15 6

88-----

48 15 — 48 *5 — 48 >5 —

48 *5 —

96 7 6

55 4 — 58 10 —

49 15 —

56 — 6

58 14 6» 23 — 4

35 9 1

49 6 6

57 *8 —

37 *4 9

K>

OS

o

381 2 8|

82----

10S 4 —

58 10 —

39----

39 — —

2+ 7 6 24 7 6

5810 —

39 —

24 7 6 19 8 8

3,87012 10} 00

------- ^4

= k

COWES -

o

is

o

n

PORTSMOUTH

o

I 4 5*2 I I *4 ? io I tj, S~o 12 l

Ol

CO

Will® Brummell . - Customer - Patent . -1

Rob* Stannard - - Controller - . D® - 4

Joseph Sherer - - Searcher - D® - -j

William Arnold - Collector - _ Warrant - .

Coal P. . - .

K. P. and C. . ..

Q. A. - ... . _

John Rush worth - - Deputy Controller . Depn from Patentee.

Coal P. . E. P. and C. Q. A. -

Charles Roe - - Deputy Customer . D® .

William Holloway - Deputy Searcher - D° - -

D# - - - Waiter and Searcher - - Warrant - .

John Pain - - - Surveyor to 10th October . D° .

Lancelot Foquett - - Acting D° from 10th Oct. . D° . -1

D° - - - Landing Waiter - - D° .

William Andrews - - D° - D® .

John Miller - - Tide Surveyor - D® .

Q. A.

Francis Terrell - - f Waiter and Searcher, J>ut 1 1 acts as Coast waiter - -f D° - -

John Chiverton - - Coastwaiter _ Board of Customs.

John Grimes - - Riding Surveyor - - Warrant - .

John Jeram - - - Riding Officer - . D® .

Stephen Squire - - D® - - D° - -

Edward Dixon - - D° - _ Du.

Nine Tidewaiters and Boatmen _ D®

Four Boatmen - - - {: D" Board of Customs

Q. A.

Twenty-three Extra Tidewaiters and ( ' 9 D° - -1

Boatmen - - - \ .‘4 Coiir and Contr 4

John Powis Coal Meter Board of Customs

Tobias Derrick _ D° - _ D* _

James Grove - - D® - D® - -

Totals -

William Brummell Customer - Patent -

Rob* Stannard Controller - - D® . I

Joseph Sherer - . Searcher - - D® . -j

William Cooley - - Collector - - Warrant - -

Coal P. - ... - .

Coinage P. -

E. P. and C# - . - -

Q. A. - .

Thomas Barker Deputy Controller - Depnfrom Patentee -

Coal P. E. P. and C.

Q. A. _ .

Henry Roe - . - Deputy Customer - D® . _

George Walton m - Deputy Searcher - - D® - -

John Rickman Surveyor - - - - Warrant -

See Southampton.

150-----

a 1 14 —

223 — 8

10 16 7

157 — io£ — - 15 —

30----

60----

40----

40----

50----

— 10 —

30----

40----

100----

50----

50----

50----

270----

120----

1 4 —

365 18 —

Melage.

12 15 9

13 6 5 8 19 pi -

10 11 8]

15

26

— 11

9 2

1,897

52

9l

Sec Southampton.

60 — —

52 S 6k

2 12 2?

87 3 ni

12 — —

25 — —

26 4 S'*

68 18 5 i

9 — —

10 — —

60 — —

20 —

81

49

— 11

18 8

39 5 8

- 435 — 4

28 18 I J ]

- I 208 2 3J

125 19 1 J 141

- 26 9 2

61 5 4 91 5 4

66 H 7 9 9 4 ho 17 i

29 V 7 69 9 7

20 H 11 69 H 11

6 2 6 } 56 12 6

22 7 — 52 7

19 13 6 59 13 6

2 3 6

— 15 —

499 4 3$

36 6 6

IOO----

50

52 3 6

50 5 —

121 4 —

365 18 —

19 3 8A 31 19 5

19 »9 7i 33 6 —;

'3 9 8 22 9 5

2,448 7 2*

52 15 3

- 266 19 1i|

37 9 2f

- > 186 11 ii

137 7 1 228 8 —

52 17 102 15 8£

118 3 11 178 3 11

10 10 ---

46 16 6

3 — 5l

1 5 7 f

1 10 —

— 15

1 10

1 — 1 —

1 —

- 15 -1 —

1 — 1 — 1 — <5 15

19 15

25-----

3 6 —

373 13 *0

208

1 10

25-----

85-----

15 -

16 16 —

4 4 —

4 4 —

6^3 5

141-----

23 3 2 90 10 4

139 7 *

68 9 7

68 14 11

55 >2 6 51 n — 58 13 fl

89 10 ---

49-----

5i 3 6 49 >5 — 263 5 —

Ji8 4 —

365 18 —

3» >9 5r

33 ti — I 22 9

2,353 9

H

T-.

*4

a

w

O

3e

K>

ON

o

17.4 *5 5

166 2 3I

211 12 —

96 2

175 3 11 'O <1

> g

8 ' -5 5>

O - o 2

C B -1 5

a CT r» 3

? o‘ *

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

n

POET. OFFICERS NAMES. EMPLOYMENTS. By what Authority appointed.

PORTSMOUTH Richard Grace Landing Waiter - Warrant

coutd. James Peers D* - - - D® -

John Uibouleau - D® - - - D* _

Tho* Damerum - , - Coast waiter . _ D® .

Charles Ross Waiter and Search1, . - D® -

Charles Collins - Tide Surveyor - - - - D° -

Q. A. - - - .

Edward Earl D® - - D® - 1

Q. A. - - - _ 1

Elias Bruce Arnaud Supervr of the Kid* Off - D° . i

Edw* A trill - Rid* Offr and Coastwaiter - D* i

William Whittman Rids Offr and Wailr,& Search' D® .

John Cotton D® - and D° - D® . |

Will® Newnham - Riding Officer Board of Customs . i

William Veck D° - - - Warrant - 1

Robert Earl Assistant Warehousek r. - Board of Customs.

William Holland - Weighing Porter - - - D®

Richd Morze Chief Boatman - - - Warrant - .

Twenty-two Tidewrf and Boatmen - - D® -

Twenty Tidewaiters + - - Board of Customs -

Fifty-eight Extra D° - - - Collr and Contr -

Fifteen Coal Meters Board of Customs _

One Extra Weigher - - _ Collr and Contr -

Quarantine Allow*® To Officrt and Mariners of the Roebuck and Antelope Cutters J Warrant -

Totals -

YARMOUTH Henry Negus Customer - . Patent

George Thompson Controller - - - D° -

Salary per Establish* - -

Coal P. -

E.P. - -

Q. A. - - - ..

Joseph Ramey Searcher - - - Constitution

Salary per Establish* ..

Thomas Dade Collector - . Warrant -

Coal P. - - - ..

Coinage P. -

Q. A. - m - ..

% E. P. and C. - - ..

D° - Deputy Customer - - Depn from Patentee

Benjamin Fox Deputy Controller - - D®

Indentures of Appraisem* -

Robert Clabon Deputy Searcher - - D°

Jeffrey Killett Landing Surveyor - - Warrant -

Rainham Moyse - Landing Waiter - - - D°

Samuel Haw D« - - D®

VO

GO

26° Januarii. 1787.

o

Samuel Steel D* -

Jacob Master D* -

John Master - Linen Inspect1 and Coastw* -

Thomas Evans - Tide Surveyor -

Extra Attend*5

Willm Danhy Palmer - i i i i o Q

Extra Attend*

Will® Crossley Riding Surveyor -

Gabriel Clifton - D° -

George Eaton D° -

James Colby Riding Officer -

Richard Roy all - D° -

John Broome D° -

Samuel Dixon D* -

Christoph1 Cutting D° -

Isaac Hoyle Surveyor at Norwich -

Joseph Gartbon - Land Carriage and Boatm" -

John Thurgar Boatman at Norwich -

Bareham Boldra - Coastwaiter -

William Slop D# -

One Weigher -

Two Watchmen -

Eleven Tidewaiteis -

Six Boatmen -

John Kent - Extra Clerk -

Thomas Thurtell - Assistant D°

Officers employed in <| Coal Metage -L Boardings -

Quarantine Allowance to the Master, Mate, and

Mariners of the Hunter Cutter

D* -

D° -D° -D° -

D° -

D° -l>9 -D° -D° -D° -D° -D° -D° -D° -Board of Customs Warrant -'

D° -D° -D° -D°-D* -D° -

Board of Customs D° -

Totals

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

ALD-

BOROUGH.

Henry Negus George Thompson Joseph Ramey Edward Bunniss -

D* . Samuel Aldrich -

Georg* Crabbe *

D° -John Randall Edward Dove Rich- Bfcddon

(Vacant) -Charles Read Michael Barfoot -

Eleven

Two

Officers employed in* i

Customer -Controller -Searcher -Collector -

Coal P. -E. P. and C. Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P.

E. P. and C. Weighings -Deputy Searcher -Surveyor -Tide Surveyor Boat Sitter.

D*

Waiter and Searcher Riding Officer D° -Boatmen -D° -Coal Metage Weighing -

.. Patent -D*

Constitution - Warrant -

Depn from Patentee D° -

D° -Warrant -D*

D°

D°

D°

D° „ -

D*

D°

D#

Totals

VO

VO

27 Geo. III. *26°

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

POET*

BLACKNEY

and

CLAY.

SOUTH-

WOLD.

WOOD-

BRIDGE.

officers names.

Henry Negus George Thompson. Joseph Ramey Pe.t^r Cob$U.

D° -Horatio Wegg

Robert Howard -

Tho* R* Humphreys

William Darby -John Hipkins

Five

Three

Nine

Henry Negus George Thompson Joseph Ran?ey William Mewse -

D° -

George Patrick -

Gabriel Clifton -Thomas Pott -Robert Ivisy

Seven

Henry Negus George Thompson Joseph Ramey Robert Rissowe -

D° -

Jonathan Tills

EMPLOYMENTS.

Customer - -

Controller ]

Searcher „

Collector - .

Deputy Customer-Deputy Controller

Coal P. ... Deputy Searcher Land* Coastw% Deputed 'I Searcher, and Riding \ Officer - f

Tide Survr and Land« Waitr -TidewrJ and-Boatmen -D°....

Coal Meters

Customer -Controller -

Searcher -Collector -

Coal P. -E.P. and C. -Deputy Customer Deputy Controller Coal P. -E. P. and C. -Deputy Searcher Land* and Coastwaiter Hiding Officer Boatmen -

Coal Metage

Customer -Controller -Searcher Collector -

Coal P. -E. P. and C. Deputy Customer Dtputv Controller Coal P.

E, P. and C.

By what Authority appointed.

Patent

D° - -

Constitution Warrant -

Depa from Patentee D°

D° I

Warrant -

D°

D°

D°

Board of Customs

Totals

Patent

D« -Constitution Warrant -

Dep" from Patentee D°

D*

Warrant

D°

D*

Totals

Patent

D°-Conslitution Warrant -

Dep" h orn Patentee D°

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, lor Self, Deputies, and Clerks. J Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies - and Clerks. - Amount oh Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusi voof Shaves of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of tho Employ meal.'

;} I j See Yarmouth. 40 21 7 9 i 12 to 74 45 t 50 40 — — 125 — 75 Metage.. 60 2 si 20 IO 19 — 628 3 1 5 — 61 7 93 20 } *3 9 71 628 48 5i 5 — 40 — — 125 75 60 1 3{ — IO — — IO — 1 26 I 5 — 320 1 17 6 - 19 19 61 7 9i 20 23 9 74 628 27 7 6 30 10 — 39 — — 121 17 6 73 2 6 60 2 si

469 — 8i 20 — 21 6. 8 5»° 7 4i 1 876 - 38 462 19 lol.

See Yarmouth. 4° 2111 4 19 — ni 10 10 15 n1 IS 10 40 — — 50 140 36 *7 5* 20 8 5 -i 7 7-6 6 311 11 14 — j 88 17 3| 20 42 3 3s 6 3 11 51 14 — 50 — — 140 3b 17 5i m m — 1 5 — 3 10 — ... 12 8 4 JO 10 7 68 nf 20 42 3 3$ 6 311 40 14 — 38 15 — 136 — 36 >7 5{

382 5 6i 20 33 1° 5i 433 >5 Hi 5 15 . 32 8 4 397 14 7

See Yarmouth. 40 22 17 9 13 7 >° 11 8 io£ 7 4 4il 20 29 10 5 14 '3 6 ,05 , G ~ 20 33 6 9! ! . - . 105 l6 20 33 6 9$

a

o

ov

H-h

CO

W-'*

isBt

Miles Lane -D° .

Thomas Lane Leonard Lammas Samuel Read Nicholas Lack ford William Streett -

Four

Deputy Searcher Surveyor

Lands Waitr and Coastw*

Supervisor

D*

Warrant -D#

Riding Officer Do

Boatsitter

Boatmen

D°

Board of Customs Warrant -

Four

Officers employed in

Coal Meters -

Boardings

Weighings

Totals

ABSTRACT OF THE TOTALS:

PORTS.

Folio.

D

eg'

n’

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

oo

BERWICK ..... . - . . - 48

BOSTON - - 48

BRIDGWATER 49

MINEHEAD - 50

BRISTOL ... - 50

car Dim: 5‘2

CHEPSTOW . 53

SWANZEY 53

CARLISLE _ - - 54

WHITEHAVEN 55

CHESTER ..... 55

BEAUMARIS - 56

LANCASTER - 58

LIVERPOOL - 59

PRESTON 61

CHICHESTER - 61

ARUNDELL - 62

NEW HAVEN - G 3

RYE ^3

SHOREHAM - 65

EXETER --- - 65

BARNSTABLE ? 67

BIDKFOR d - g7

DARTMOUTH 68

ILFRACOMBE

GLOUCESTER - 69

HULL ..... 69

BRIDLINGTON 7*

SCARBOROUGH - 7a

_ 6 >7 2 6 17 2 -I 6 17 2

4° — — - - 38 11 10 78 11 id 1 - 3 4 — 1 74 7 10

35 - 35 — — - — 17 6 - - - - 34 2 6

60 - 60 — — 1 10 — - - - * 58 10 —

50 ~ — - - - 50 — — 1 5 - 48 *5 —

50 - 50 — — 1 5 - 48 »5 —

30 29 5 —

100 - 100 — — 2 10 — - - - 97 10

JUetage.

49 — 3i - - - 49 — 3 i 49 — 3t

4 2 — - - - 4 2 — 4 2 —

7 16 — - - 7 l6 - . 7 16 —

5^o *7 2 20 — — 89 12 11 630 IO 1 - - - 9 2 6 - - - 3 4 — 618 3 7

998 9 ri 96 4 6 5*5 1 1,609 H 2| 4 4 6 21 6 9 129 12 6 2 1 8 >>452 8 9t

1,068 — 10 4 — 376 3 if 1,448 3 20 11 3 13 19 10J 85 —: — 15 4 6 >.3>3 8 3*

526 5 5i 20 — — 212 16 1 '4 759 1 5i 16 11 3i 6 10 — 40 IO — 2 1 H 693 8 5i

352 18 4i 30 — — IOI 5 H 484 4 1 13 6 7 6 10 — — - - 466 3 7i

7,325 17 104 627 1 1 7.003 14 24 «4>9S6 13 >1 207 16 95 12 11 804 1 2 3i 17 7 >3.9*7 4 9

283 8 20 8 8 1,078 11 1 1.38* 7 9i 16 6 4 8 2 *74 9 H 21 13 4 1.165 10 7f

139 H 6 49 6 9*2 5 4r 28l 6 ] - - - 2 9 -J - - 378 17

797 3 2 104 6 8 350 5 8 1,251 15 6 6 15 — 13 16 — 40 — — 34 — — >.>57 4 6

733 15 3* - - - 754 5 7 1,488 — 10| 9 13 — H 17 6 79 H - - 1.384 9 7t

1.930 9 94 86 — — 454 6 9 2,470 16 H 11 18 6 41 17 3s 105 2 18 15 4 2.293 3 5

>,415 13 116 15 — 4,280 1 2 5.812 9 4i 30 17 10 24 10 W 954 — 9* 19 15 H 4.783 4 32

i>449 9 4i 195 18 11 37619 Hi 2,022 8 29 9 — 29 12 6 65 — 6 6 9 1,892 — -i

1,16*2 19 3* 121 12 io‘ 3*1 5 li 1,605 17 9i - - 18 4 — 40 — — 1 12 5 i 1,546 1 3l

6,968 6 41 522 18 4* 5-980 H 6 13.471 19 33 19 4 84 2 6 266 16 — 80 18 2 13,006 3 4

*431 — io| 49 7 10 65 7 2 545 15 i°i 3 — — 7 12 6 - - - 40 — — 495 3 4r

1,4)4 1 3V 197 5 9 54* 18 H 2 >* 5 3 5 7 72 12 6 23 15 — 225 6 3 38 3 9 1,793 8 1

660 16 3i 12 3 — 194 15 4 i 867 H 8f 10 — — 12 5 — 20 — 107 15 9 717 13 nl

>’454 15 8# - - 189 3 7 k 1,643 19 4 57 1 4* 30 17 6 - - - 236 3 2 1,319 17 3|

2-536 6 — - - 195 3 *1 2,731 9 *1 75 6 52 14 — 30 — — 409 11 4 2,163 >7 io|

1,005 3 8f - - - 407 11 8 1,502 15 4* 9 10 — 20 2 6 25 — — 104 — — i>344 2 10f

2,918 7 7l 49 11 6 1,204 10 7\ 4,172 9 9 90 2 7 45 15 — 371 2 lof 134 3 3,531 5 7

444 16 8.1 30 »7 5i 53 — 1 528 H 8i - - 6 13 8i 20 — - - - 502 1 -i

1,060 7 3s 23 8 4 58 2 4 1,141 17 i«i 25 *9 10 21 1 11 20 — — — — 9 1,074 >5 5 b

2,120 7 0m J / 64 8 7 3*8 10 7 2*5°3 6 9i 5 — — 30 7 6 100 — — - -- - 2,367 19 3f

171 1 loi 11 7 10 21 5 6 203 15 4 — — 2 10 - >97 5 2£

244 16 7\ 3 — — 215 16 10 463 12 ioi 6 13 10 4 7 St 30 — — — 7 6 422 4< 3t

4,021 6 61 62 — — 3 9 0 4 7 i 7,983 11 2 126 12 5} 76 15 6 349 — — 81 18 10 7>349 4 4i

444 2 X - - - 59 11 8 503 13 - - 7 7 6 18 8 — 3 15 4 474 2 lof

733 19 I 1 m 247 7 5i 981 6 6 13 12 3t 20 3 944 >4

a

w

o

to

os

o

o

ABSTRACT OF THE TOTALS:

PORTS.

IPSWICH - -

COLCHESTER LEIGH -HARWICH MALDON

LYNN....

WELLS -WISBECH MILFORD -

ABERY3TW1TH -CARDIGAN -LLANELLY -NEWCASTLE

STOCKTON - -

SUNDERLAND-WH1TBY -PLYMOUTH

FALMOUTH -FOWEY -GWEEK -LOOE PADSTOW PENRYN PENZANCE -St. IVES TRURO -SCILLY -

POOLE ....

LYME -WEYMOUTH -SANDWICH ..... DEAL -DOVER -FAVERSHAM -ROCHESTER -SOUTHAMPTON -

rowr-'s.

PORTSMOUTH YARMOUTH.

ALDBOROUGII BLACKNEY and CLAY SOUTHWOLD WOODBRIDGE

TOTALS

Saline f and Alio wane* s from t - e Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, of other Officers, to the Depone? and Clarks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, delusive of Shafts of Seizures.

775 16 7i 40 . 626 15

838 2 »>* - - - 73 9

26 ft 3 Hi - - - 56 17 ~9J

1,393 15 - - 559 3 1

9*3 8 7$ - - J34 9 10}

2,226 16 lOj 497 4 9 1,662 11 5 f

667 16 9l 45 8 2 1*29 11

5*9 4. 1 45 12 lof 159 1 6

1,716 15 7 92 15 6 1,037 9 9

291 10 11 50 3 9i 4 5 6

242 7 2 43 6 6 3 ~*-

*37 17 7 80 15 6 37 5 —

3,*u 7 106 18 4 3>9iS 2 4*

701 7 I - - - 384 17 lo£

1,092 17 10$ 4 4 — ‘ 1,048 14 8

819 13 i°i m 356 9 if

3,756 13 8$ 268 7 it 2,024 *i

»,5»9 18 «i 41 15 — 3*1 7 3z

50 8 9$ «5 6 6 74 18 7

290 12 11$ 15 9 2 46 16 3

432 18 3 13 13 1 13 4 TOJ

461 1 7$ 37 18 6 40 4 8

267 9 4$ 40 6 9 78 14 4

791 15 5 !2 2 8j 406 3

739 1 3 ii 12 -f 203 10 2

531 18 4 86 H 10 3* 8 nj

483 16 4$ 18 6 -I 20 1 if

1,604 4 7i 4* 15 1,622 13 H

864 10 4$ 11 12 10 105 6

1,168 6 3f *7 12 6 81 6

*,5*3 2 »*1 3l 38 13 4 802 8 3

l,4«7 *3 10 1 — 75 18 11

3.633 17 ' 5i 178 19 2 420 19 H

823 14 8i 67 2 *f 95 17

! 1,711 1 4 56 13 4 121 1

2,633 S H 129 S 6* 1,702 2 *i

i*97 1 1 5* 1 9t 499 4 3*

3,184 9 7i 150 19 7 1,129 6 4

2^39 7 5 80 — — 2,163 4 8

805 16 8$ ‘ 20 — - — 18 19 2

469 — 8J 20 — — 21 6 8

382 5 64 20 — — 33 10 5i

520 17 2 20 — — 89 12 11

96,996 12 5 5,13* 1 *1 5i,7*i 15 6J

Gross Product: of the Employment* Paymenta for Toies. Payments to the Superannuation Fustd. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Olfier contingent Expence* Net Produce of the Employment* r

1,44* 12 2j 11 I IO 9 70 - - , 2 7 11 1*35° 2 rl

911 11 28 6 12 7 6 20 — — 19 10 848 19 D# 7f

3*1 1,95* 1 18 9 6$ 2r 6 7 5 16 5 15 z 50 — 3iS 1,864 16 l£ / X ll

1,119 18 5$ 7 11 — 13 15 — 30 — — 5 — — 1,062 12

4,386 13 *i 57 14 ni *4 8 2 626 2 — 3.678 7

842 15 *i < - 12 10 — *s — — m *05 # c 1?

733 18 si a t - 6 5 — - - 7*7 j 13

2,847 — 10 16 2 6 *3 5 "i 28S 3 1 5 19 4 *,513 9 11$

351 288 13 2$ 8 1 0 5 2- 7 16 6 10$ *4 — _ 34S 261- 12 n

375 18 1 - 3 IS — - *3 18 8 348 tc

7,433 7 «>i 116 9 i| 62 6 6 i*S 9 9 399 6 2 16 4f

1,086 4 "f a - 13 7 6 40 — — 4 15 9 1,0-18 8

2,145 16 6* 3 16 22 — — 113 — — 83 1,924 - -r 6?

1,176 2 n$ b - 11 13 if 7° — — 20 1 _ 1,074 8 10:

6,049 1 10$ lofr 6 4i 45 8 *i 0S3 16 11 40 17 8 ' / T 5,203! 12 8!

1,883 — »*$ 7 6 3 17 2 6 *>7 19 8 10 14 9 r,779 17 9i

736 13 10$ 12 8 - - - 1 12 -f ?22 >3 3

352 459 18 16 4$ .4$ 4 S — 1 7 10 12 6 -: "13 1 13 6 8| 337 446 15 12 4* I:

539 4 9$ 9 12 6 20 — — 509 12

386 10 5$ 1 — nf 3 15 - 4 381 14 2

1,230 1 9$ 3 — — 13 16 4 30 — — 58 14 2 1,1*4 11 3l If

1,044 3 5! 6 1 4 - - j - 1,038 2

941 2 1$ 5 10 — 18 — — 917 12 ,1

32a 3 7 a - 4 12 6 *5 — — 6 — — 286 11 1

2,699 13 3! 49 6 — *3 — 7 15* — 4 33 2 — 2,41* .4 4)

921 1,217 9 4 9! 16 28 9 6 6 1 of 16 19 2 13 ni H 20 MW 40 10 4 5 848 1,139 16 it

8,364 4 6$ *3 19 8 39 5 6 276 19 8* *4 13 6 2,999 6 *1

1,553 13 2$ *5 — 10 *5 12 nf 22 12 6 1,480 6 lof

4,233 16 2 58 18 9f 56 17 6 120 — — 164 1 8 3,833 18 *f

986 13 11 12 14 9 14 10 — 30 — — 91 11 7 837 1? X 7

1,888 16 If 4 1 - 19 16 4i *5 — — - O i 1,843 f 19

4»464 13 si 88 6 if 39 9 11 45* 1 8* 14 2 10 3*$7 12

2,448 7 *i ' 4« 16 6 19 15 — *5 — 3 6 — 2,353 9 &f

4,464 15 19 2 1 35 10 — 116 16 — 19 7 5 4,274 — $

4,88 a 12 1 111 7 if 38 5 6 380 — — 175 16 4 4,!77 3

844 15 10J - 17 2 - - - 8*7 13 41

5io 7 4i 1 — - — 8 7 6 - - 38 — — 462 19 *0$

435 is nf S 15 — - - 3* 8 4 397 12 7$

630 10 1 i 9 2 6 - 3 4 6*8 3 7

53,850 9 2$ 1,740 8 io$ 1,494 6 3$ 7,939 11 7$ 2,722 12 9i *39,953 9 7»

1*4

o

w

-a

GO

37 Geo. III. a<5° Januarii.

i©3

N*

Memorial, 21st August 1699.

The Commissioners having had under Consideration the settling the Allowances for Payment of the Officers in the Out Ports, employed in the receiving and collecting the present Duty on Coals, upon looking into the Produce of the said Duty in the several Ports for a Year, from the Commencement thereof, which was the 15th May 1698, to the 15th May last, are humbly of Opinion, that there be allowed for the Yeceiving and accompting for the said Duty arising in the Out Ports for the said Time, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent, for the first One thousand Pounds, and One per Cent, for every Hundred Pounds afterwards; that is to say, where there has been received the Sum of One thousand Pounds, there be allowed the Sum of Thirty Pounds, Twenty Pounds whereof to be to the Collector, who has the Charge of receiving and accompting for the Money, and Ten Pounds to the Comptroller; and where the Sum of Two thousand Pounds has been received, there be allowed the Sum of Porty Pounds, Two Thirds whereof to be to the Collector, and One Third to the Comptroller — and so in Proportion; which the Commissioners conceive will prove a reasonable Allowance for the Service afore-mentioned, and be considerably less than was allowed for collecting the former Duty on Coals. And there having been Occasion, in some particular Ports, to employ some of the Officers to inspect the Meters in Places where the Coals are delivered, being at 'Distance from the ordinary Residence of the Officers, the Commissioners think it necessary to make them some Allowance for their Care, out of the said Duty, which they humbly hope their Lordships will approve.

And for Payment of the Meters, the Commissioners are of Opinion to pursue the former Method, and allow generally after the Rate of One Penny per Chal-der where the Meters are Corporation Meters, and where otherwise after the Rate of 2 per Chalder, except in some few Places where the Coals being delivered at a considerable Distance from the Ports, and common Place of Residence, it will be necessary to allow something towards the extraordinary Charge; Which however will be no considerable Increase thereof.

B.O. 11. H.

After our hearty Commendations. Whereas in your Memorial of die 21st of August last you have represented unto us, That you have had under Consideration the settling the Allowances for Payment of the Officers in the Out Ports, employed in the receiving and collecting the present Duty on Coals; and upon looking into the Produce of the said Duty in the several Ports for a Year, from the Commencement thereof, which was from the 15th of May 1698, to the 15th of May 1699, you are of Opinion that there be allowed for the receiving and accompting for the said Duty arising in the Out Ports, for the said Time, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent. for the first Thousand Pounds, and One Pound per Cent, for every Hundred Pounds afterwards; that is to say, where there has been received the Sum of One thousand Pounds, there be allowed tire Sum of Thirty Pounds, Twenty Pounds whereof to be to the Collector, who has the Charge of receiving and accounting for the Money, and Ten Pounds to the Comptroller; and wdiere the Sum of Two thousand Pounds has been received, there be allowed the Sum of Forty Pounds, Two Thirds whereof to be to the Collector, and One Third to the Comptroller — and Vo L.42.

so in Proportion; Which you tJonccSve ‘will prove k Fift&fiife reasonable Allowance for the Service before men*- ReP"* tioned, and be considerably less than VTftB allowed for collecting the former Duty. And you having hke- A wise represented to us that there - has been Occasion, in some particular Ports, to employ some of the Officers to inspect the Meters in Places where the Coalfe are delivered being at Distance from the drdfawrjr Residence of the Officers; and that you think it necessary to make them some Allowance for their Care; out of the said Duty.

And for the Payment of the Mdtfcft yob ate bf Opinion to pursue die former Method, and aHo# generally after the Rate of One Penny per Cftialder, where the Meters are Corporation Meters, and where otherwise after the Rate of Two Pence per Chaldea, except in some few Places, where the Coals being de5-livered at a considerable Distance from the Ports and common Place of Residence, ft'will be necessary i» also# something towards the extraordinary Charge; Which, however, will be no considerable Increase thereof. — We, approving hereof, do hereby diretft yoA to cause the said several Allowances to be made ak you have above proposed: And for so doing th$i shall be to you, and all others herein concerned, k sufficient Warrant. Cockpit Treasury Chambers, the 19th September >699.

Cha.

To our very loving Friends! H. . the Comm" of His Ma- > jesty's Customs. J

Custom House, London, True Copies,

14 July 1785. W. Sides, Secretary.

N* 8.

The Examination of Mr. Anthony Palmer Col-lings', taken upon Oath, November 15th, 16th, and 18th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Customer Outwards in the Port of Bristol; he has been in this Office upwards of Seven Years, and was appointed by a Deputation from Thomas White, Esquire, the Patent Customer Outwards.

There are in the Port of Bristol Eight Patent Officers; a Customer Inwards, a Customer Outwards, a Controller, a Searcher, and Four King’s Waiters. *

None of these Officers, except the Patent Searcher, executes any Part of the Business of his Office, that he knows of; nor does any other of them, except Mr. Greville, one of the King’s Waiters, reside at Bristol.

All Warrants Outwards are brought to the Deputy Customer Outwards, marked with the Initials of the Examiner, and signed by the Controller and Collector; the initials of the Examiner are Evidence; where the Goods are liable to Duties, that he has either computed or agreed to them; the Deputy Customer signs it, and a Copy is left with, or sent to him j he sees that the Computation is right; the Copy is entered in a Book, and compared with the like Entries of the Collector and Controller. The Daily Totals of the Duties in their several Cash Books are compared by the Collector, Controller, and Check Clerk; the Monthly Totals by the same Officers, and the Customer Outwards.

This Officer neither examines nor signs the Monthly Cash Account transmitted by the Collector to the Board of Customs, but every Quarter he sends to that Board a Duplicate of the Collectors Quarter Book Outwards. This Duplicate is made out from his own Entries, and compared with those of the Collector and Controller, and signed by himself; He sends up

likewise

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts*

104 26° Januarii. 1787.

likewise all the Clearances, the Foreign Account, the -Coast Account, and the Account of Wool and Fuller’s Earth, all signed by the Collector, Controller, and himself.

Upon a Vacancy of the Office of Collector, the Receipt of the Duties, and all the other Business of that Office, does, as be apprehends, devolve of course upon the Customers; whilst there is a Collector, the Customers are Checks upon his Conduct respecting his Receipts, similar to that of the Controller. Certificates for Debentures for Bounties originate with the Customer Outwards, and pass through the Offices of the Controller, Searchers, Examiner, and Collector. Certificates for Debentures for Drawbacks originate with the Customer Inwards, and pass through the same Offices, together with the Office of the Customer Outwards.

The Whole of the Business Coastwise, Outwards, is transacted in this Office. All the Cockets and Transires, and some of the Sufferances, are made out there; all the Sufferances are examined and signed by that Officer. Special Sufferances are signed by the Collector, and Controller also. All these Transactions are entered in the Office. It is a Part of the Duty of this Officer to send Annually to the Exchequer Duplicates of the Quarter Books sent to the Board of Customs, and Accounts of all the Goods carried Coastwise, Part of which only are sent to the Customs.

The Patent Customer Outwards receives, as he is informed and believes, a Salary of Fifty-seven Pounds from the Crown, by a Dormant Warrant; and certain Fees for certain Instruments, grounded cither upon legal Authority, or Usage, and paid by the Merchant; they are collected either by the Deputy Customer, or Deputy Controller, upon the Delivery of the Instruments. The Amount of them last Year was Four hundred and Twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence. He paid his Deputy a "Salary of Forty Pounds; for Taxes, Sixteen Pounds Pour Shillings and Six Pence; and for certain Stationary, One Pound Five Shillings; together Fifty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence; His Net Income was Four hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence.

The Deputy Customer Outwards received from the Patentee a Salary of Forty Pounds, and in customary Tees and Gratuities Three hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence. His Payments to Clerks was One hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, and for contingent Expences Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence. His Net Income was Three hundred and Two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence.

His Fees consist of very small Sums, the highest of them Five Shillings, and that but seldom, and the Half of it for extraordinary Attendance. It would be far more eligible and satisfactory to himself, and, as he believes, to many of the Officers at this Port, to be paid a certain fixed Annual Salary, in lieu of all i ces and Emoluments whatever.

Upon the Arrival of a Ship, whether from a Foreign Voyage or Coastwise, the Master delivers to the Customer Inwards his Manifest, from whence the Report is drawn, and, if Foreign, sworn to by the Master, before either the Collector, Controller, or Customer Inwards: This last Officer enters the Description of the Ship. The Transactions afterwards, relative to the Entry of the Goods; the Computation of the Duties, the Checks upon the Computation, and the Accounts kept of them, arc carried on by the Collector, Controller, Customer Inwards, Examiner, and Check Clerk. The Business Coastwise Inwards is transacted, and the Accounts kept and transmitted, by the Customer Inwards, in like Manner a--? the Business

Coastwise Outwards is conducted by the Customer Outwards.

A.

T. Anguish,

RichJ Neave,

Sam1 Beach croft,

Geo. Drummond,

WillmRoe.

N* 9.

The Examination of Thomas Craufurd, Esquire; taken upon Oath, November 18th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is Patent Searcher in the Port of Bristol, and has been in that Office upwards of Ten Years.

This Office formerly consisted of the Patentee; One Deputy, nominated by the Treasury, but appointed by the Patentee, the other nominated by the Patentee: When he was appointed to this Office he found One Deputy, nominated by the Treasury; the Business of the other Deputy had been executed by his Predecessor himself. For the first Year he executed this Office himself, without appointing his own Deputy; lie then appointed One, and was absent for about Ten Months: He has ever since resided at Bristol, and retains his Deputy, but superintends the Business of the Office himself.

The Two Deputy Searchers take the Ships alternately, and each of them has his Deputed, that is, his Controlling Searcher, with whom lie constantly acts.

There is an ancient Table of Fees for the Patent Searcher hung up in his Office at Bristol: The I ces at present taken by hiip vary from that Table in some very trifling Articles only: The Fees taken by the Deputy and Controlling Searchers are either customary, or, where extra Service is required, grounded upon an Agreement with the Merchants.

The Patent Searcher receives a Salary under a Dormant Warrant, of Thirty-four Pounds a Year, and Twenty Pounds upon the Establishment: IIis Pees and Gratuities, exclusive of Seizures, amounted last Year to Nine hundred and Eighteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence. lie paid for Taxes Eight Pounds Four Shillings; to his Deputies Seventy Pounds; and to Clerks Thirty-six Pounds Four Shillings. His Net Income was Eight hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Thu' Craufurd.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Bcachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will'*Roe.

N* 10.

The Examination of Thomas Barker, Esquire; taken upon Oath, November 22d and 23d, 1/85.

This Examinant saith, That about the Year 1762 he came into the Office of the Customs at Portsmouth; in the Year 1767 he was appointed Deputy Searcher, and Assistant Landing Waiter; in 1782 he w as appointed Deputy Controller; and in lust Collector — all at

the same Port; in this last Office he continued about Six Months, when he was appointed One of the Four General Surveyors.

Portsmouth is a Member of the Port of Southampton; it has One more Member, Cowes; and a Creek,

Lyminglou.

27 Geo. III. 26° J

Lymington.There are resident at Portsmouth a Collector, a Deputy Customer, Deputy Controller, and Deputy Searcher; there are the same Officers at

Southampton, Cowes, and Lymington, except that the Collector and Deputy Customer are, at the same Person; and at Lymington there is no Collector, and the Deputy Searcher is also Deputy Customer.

The Business of the Customs in every Office, at the Member Port, is, as he apprehends, conducted in a Manner similar to that at the Mother Port.

The only apparent Difference between the Mother Port and the Member is, as he apprehends, that the Duty of the Three Patent Officers extends over both the Mother Port and all its Members and Creeks, whereas all the other Officers at the Member Ports are separate from, and independent of, the Officers at the Mother Port; but the Officers at the Creek are dependent upon the Officers at the Mother Port, where the Creek is within the Mother Port, and upon the Officers of the Member Port, where the Creek is within the Member Port; and the Creek having no Collector, no Foreign Business, either Inwards or Outwards, can be transacted there; the Entries, both Inwards and Outwards, must be made at the Mother Port. There has always been an ancient Table of Fees hung up in the Office at Portsmouth, and he believes the Fees received by all the Officers were regulated by that Table, except for Business transacted at extra Hours, or extra Places. The Fees belonging to the Patent Officers are collected by the Deputy Customer, and the Share of each paid to the Deputies, and by them transmitted to the Collector at the Mother Port.

In the Year 1784 the Emoluments of his Office, as Deputy Controller at Portsmouth, consisted of, a Salary from his Principal, of Twenty Pounds; a Salary by Treasury Warrant, of Twenty-five Pounds; a Poundage on the Coal Duty, of Twenty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Tw’o Pence Three Farthings; the Enumerated Poundage, and from Indentures of Appraisement, Sixty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings; the Quarantine Allowance, Nine; Pounds; and Fees of Office, Thirty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny: He paid the Civil List Duty, One Pound Five Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing; to a Clerk Fifteen Pounds; and for collecting his Fees Four Pounds Four Shillings. His Net Income was One hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings.

Tho. Barker.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeaxe,

Sam1 Bcachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will"Roe.

' N 11:

The Examination of Mr. John Philipps Adams; taken upon Oath, December 9th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is Collector of the Customs at the Port of Milf ord, and has been in this Office about Eighteen Years.

The Port of Milford has dependent upon it, as far as relates to the Three Patent Officers, Three Member Ports, and Three Creeks. The Port, with its Members and Creeks, extends upwards of One hundred Miles upon the Coast. The Three Patent Officers, the Customer, Controller, and Searcher, all act by Deputy, none of them transact any Part of "the Business: As he believes, the Customer resides in Vox.. 42.

fanuarsi 105

Sussex, the Controller at Haverfordwest, and the Searcher in Carmarthenshire. .

The Customer and Controller have Deputies at alj the Member Ports, and at the Three Creeks; the Searcher at some of them: He believes the Patent Officers of this Port have never sent up any of the Exchequer Books to the Office of the Customs or the Exchequer.

The Three Member Ports transmit their Accounts to the Controller General, independent of the principal Port; the Coastwise Accounts, which are thd only Accounts of the Three Creeks, are passed by the Officers of the principal Port, annexed to their own, and sent up, with their Vouchers, by them to the Controller General.

There is, at the Custom House for the Port of Milford, a Table of Fees for the Collector and the Patent Officers, at the Bottom of which is wrote, to the best of his Recollection, " by Order of the Speaker " of the House of Commons," or some such Words: The Collector has a Fee of One Shilling, for a Certificate for the Carriage of Culm from the Port of Milford, by the Act of the 33d of George the Second; the other Fees taken by all the Officers there are according either to the Table or to the ancient Usagd of the Port.

The Collector has by his Warrant a Salary of One hundred Pounds a Year; and, by Order of the Board, as an Allowance for a Clerk, Twenty Pounds; he received from the Poundage on the Coal Duty, and for Incidents, in the Year 1784, Fifty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence: His Fees amounted to Sixty-six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence; his Payment for Taxes was Nine Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, and to a Clerk Twenty Pounds; his Net Income was Two hundred and Nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

The Office of Riding Surveyor is now abolished, by Order of the Board of Customs.

John Philipps Adams.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neaxe,

Geo. Drummond \

WillmRoe.

K* 12.

The Examination of Mr. Richard Butler; taken upon Oath, November.25th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That be is Deputy Controller of- the Port of Rye; he was appointed by William Higgins, Esquire, the Patent Controller, and has been in this Office about Five Years. Rye is a Member of the Port of Chichester; it has a Deputy Controller, a Deputy Searcher, and a Collector, who is also Deputy Customer.

Every Quarter he sends up to the Board of Customs his Quarter Book, containing an Account of the Imports, Exports, and Duties, during the Quarter: Before he sigus his Quarter Book he compares it with the Quarter Book of the Collector, to see that the Articles agree.

The Quarterly Establishment, and the Quarterly Preparatory List, are entered in the Books of the Collector and Controller. The Collector makes out his List of Salaries and Incidents; and after he has paid them he produces the List, with all the Vouchers annexed, to the Deputy Controller, who examines the Vouchers; the Collector sw ears to the Truth of it before him, and he signs the Jurat.

There is an old Table of Fees for the Patent Officers in the Office of the Customs at Rye, but he does E e not

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts;

Fifteenth Report on Public Account*

io6

a6° Januarii. 1787,

not know of any Table of Fees for the other Officers;

The t)eputy Controller receives upon the Establish* went a Salary of Twenty-eight Pounds; from the Enumerated Poundage, and on Indentures of Appraisement, One hundred and Six Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Farthing; from the Poundage on Coal, Six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny; by his Share of the Coast Fees due to the Patentee, Ten Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence; and Fees on Wrecks, Ten Pounds. His Agreement with his Patentee is to allow him Three Pounds Three Shillings a Year out of his Fees, and to retain the rest for doing the Duty. He paid to the Superannuation Turtd Fourteen Shillings: His Net Income was One hundred and Sixty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings.

P. Angui,

Geo. Drumm Will" Roe.

N* 13.

The Examination of Mr. Joshua Powell', taken upon Oath, October 24th and 28th, 1785, January 31st, May 18th, and June 20th, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That in the Account of the Gross Receipts and Payments in London and the Out Ports for the Year 1784, in the Column of Salaries and Incidents, the Sums paid by the Receiver General in London to the Patent Officers at the several Ports are included in the Sum of Payments in London, and not in the Sums set opposite to those Ports to which the Patent Officers belong. The Sum of Payments exceeding the Receipts being paid out of the Net Produce, must be deducted from that Sum, in order to give the real Net Produce of the Year: The general Account cannot be made correct until the End of the succeeding Year, because the Accounts of the Receipts and Payments at the Out Ports for the last Quarter of the Year are not usually delivered to the Controller General, until after the next Midsummer; and such is the Multiplicity and Variety of the Accounts which compose that Account, that they cannot ' well be examined, and the Errors corrected, in a shorter Time than a Year.

The Customs in Scotland being managed by a distinct Hoard of Commissioners there, the Board of Customs in England are ignorant of the Expences attending that Collection, and know no more of the Receipt, than what appears, in the Weekly Certificate of the Receiver General, to have been remitted to him from the Receiver General of Scotland.

The Sum remitted to the Receiver General from . Scotland, is the Whole of the Produce of the Custom Duties in Scotland, which is paid into the Exchequer.

There are in England and Wales Twenty principal Out Ports, each of them has a Patent Customer, Controller, and Searcher. Bristol and Newcastle have each a Customer Inwards, and a Customer Outwards; and at Hull there are Two Customers. Most of them have inferior Ports contiguous to the principal Port, or to each other, Members of the principal Port, and dependent upon the Patent Officers of that Port; the Members pass a separate Account with the Controller General, and are thence, with the Principal, called the Accountant Ports; the Creeks, except Leigh, which is deemed an Accountant Port, pass their Accounts either with the Collector of the principal or the inferior Port, as they belong to one or the other; and he

incorporates these Accounts with his own, and transmits them to the Controller General; who passes them as the Accounts of the principal Collector.

All the Receipt and Expenditure, at these Creeks, are inserted in the Account made out by the Controller General, in the Columns set opposite to the Port with which they account. The Controller General Officially knows nothing of the Customer, except in those Instances where the Customer collects the Duties, there being now no separate Collector at those Ports; and except in Cases where, upon the Vacancy of the Office of Collector, the Collection devolves upon the Customer till a new Collector is appointed, if some Person i9 not directed by the Board of Customs to carry on the Business during the Vacancy. The Coast Business is the only Branch which is peculiarly under the Customer; but he has nothing to do with the Collection on Coals* which are the only Coast Duties.

The Account of the Gross Receipt of the Customs, and the several Payments at each Port, now delivered by him to this Board, is a complete Account for the Year 1784, he having received all the Materials necessary to render it correct. In the Column of Salaries and Incidents the Sums set opposite to each Port include all the Expences incurred at that Port, whether arising from the Payments to the Officers of the Customs, upon the Establishment, or Incidental List, or from other contingent Expences belonging to that Revenue; the Salaries paid by the Receiver General to the Plantation Officers, paid in London, are inserted in this Account

In the Column of Salaries and Incidents for the Out Ports, the Sums inserted are for the Charges incurred at the Port; except that at Whitehaven a List of Officers of the Customs at the Alan, though

not belonging to the Department under the Commissioners of the Customs, are regularly paid their Salaries, pursuant to Treasury Warrant, out of the Produce of the Duties collected at that Port.

This Account comprehends all the Payments made out of the Custom Duties at all the Ports, but only such as are made out of those Duties.

He kuows nothing Officially of the Charges of Management paid out of the Produce of Fines and Forfeitures in the Port of London, or at the Out Ports; nor in any Account called for by Parliament, of the Gross Receipt of the Customs, and the Payments out of it for any Year, are the Receipts and Payments belonging to this Branch of Revenue inserted; he cannot insert them, they not being within his Knowledge or Controul.

He does not regularly present to Parliament any Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Customs, but only upon special Requisition; upon such Requisition, the Order comes to the Board of Customs, who by their Minute direct the Controller General to make out and present the Account to Parliament; and no other Account is made out by any Officer of the Customs in Consequence thereof.

Jos* Powell,

A. Piggott,

Ric/A Neave,

Samf Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will "Roe.

N* 14.

The Examination of Mr. John Mills', taken upon Oath, March 29th, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That the Account delivered by him to this Board comprehends all the Incidental Expences paid by the Receiver General out of the Custom Revenue in the Year 1784, except the Inci-7 dental

27 Geo. III. 26° Jamar toy

dental Salaries, and Day Pay to Officers. A considerable Part of the Incidental Expences of the Customs, which used formerly to be paid by the Receiver General, has for some Time been paid by the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports; and the Sums in hri Hands not having been sufficient for the Demands upon him, Imprests to a considerable Amount have, within the last Year, been made by the Receiver General to the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures, pursuant to the Orders of the Board of Customs. The Payments inserted in this Account are made pursuant to Warrants from the Treasury, or the Orders of the Board of Customs. The Land Tax repaid, though paid in the Year 1784, is the Allowance for the Year preceding, to Officers whose Salaries do not exceed Sixty Pounds a Year, and to the Five additional Deputy Under Searchers, who, though their Salaries do exceed Sixty Pounds a Year, are, by a Dormant Warrant of the Treasury, included in this Repayment of the Land Tax.

The Sum of Sixty Pounds, under the Title of Pension, is an Annual Allowance, by the special Order of the Board of Customs, for long and faithful Service, to an Officer who became insane. The Article of Payment to the principal Coal Meters in , is an

Allowance of One Halfpenny per Chaldron on all Coals imported into the Port of , which is made by virtue of the Order of the Board, grounded on the Certificate of the Collector of the Coal Duties.

The Accounts of the Customs are made up Annually to the 5th of January inclusive. On the last Day of the Year it has been usual for the Receiver General to take Credit for the Fees which would be paid to the Auditor of the Imprest, for auditing the Cash Account of the Customs for that Year, and to retain the Sum in his Hands until the Account was audited.

The Sum of Seven hundred and Twenty-six Pounds, subjoined to this Account, was in the Course of Office taken Credit for as a Payment by the Receiver General, on the 5th of January 1785. Before the Account of the Year 1784 could be delivered in, a Change . had taken Place in the Auditor’s Office, by which Alteration no Fees are to be received for auditing Accounts. The above Sum of Seven hundred and Twenty-six- Pounds, so taken Credit for by the Receiver

General, will in consequence thereof be carried back to the Account of the respective Branches of Duties from whence it was taken.

7. Mills.

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will* Roe.

N* 15.

The Examination of Mr. James Powell; taken upon Oath, February 8th, and March 24th, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That the Account delivered by him to this Board includes all the incidental Expences paid out of the Custom Duties* at all the Out Ports, for the Year 1784, except those paid to the Officers of the Customs on the Incidental List, the Quarantine Allowance, and Day Pay. The Sum paid at each Port is distinguished in this Account undet certain Heads, which include the whole incidental Expence at that Port, except the above-mentioned Payments to Officers. All Payments in this Account, amounting to above Forty Shillings, are made by the Collector at the Port, pursuant either to standing or special Orders of the Board. The Articles under the Head of Pettys, consist of sundry trifling Charges, not reduceable to any particular Head.

The Repayment of the Land Tax, made to Officers whose Salaries do not exceed Sixty Pounds a Year, is admitted in the Account, upon the Receipts being produced, of the several Collectors of the Land Tax for the respective Divisions, with a, List annexed of the Sum paid by the several Officers. Th|e Article of Civil List repaid is a Payment to Tradesmen, of the Sums charged to the Civil List upon their Bills. AH Payments out of this Revenue, but those made to the Officers upon the Establishment, are called incidental Expences.

7»' Powell,

Rich* Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

Vo 1. 42

Fifteenth Report on Public Account*

N* 16,

As ACCOUNT of the Gross Receipt of the Customs in London and the Out Ports, with the several Payments of each Port; distinguished under the proper Heads, and with the O©

Net Produce of each, for the Year 1784,

ports.

London - - 2,946,631 3 7 i

Aberystwith - 257 16 6k

Aide burgh - 2,146 4 7k

Arundell - 1»5°5 1 9k

# Baruslable . 968 11 1 i

Beaumaris - 1,923 7 94

- Berwick - - 1,695 *4 8

Blackney - 2,472 18 loj

Boston - - 8,128 17 10|

Bridgwater - 2,218 13 7*

Bridlington - 1,46413 9

Bristol - - 334’9°9 19 si

By deford - - 1,020 4 7

Cardiffe - 53 18 2

Cardigan - - 176 15 lof

Carlisle - - 632 12

Chepstow - 4,668 18 . 1 11

Chester - - 8,140 H 11 k

Chichester - 2,179 19 — i

Colchester - 10,240 12 2

Cowes - 2,811 7 2f

n Dartmouth - 4*333 3 5]

Deal - 2,853 18 3

(Q 1 h Dover - 4*59 «5 2

n' Exeter - - 23,083 J1 10

CD Q_ Falmouth - 17,291 — X

CT Faversham - 4,804 5 7l

Fowey - 1,388 9 7 k

O Gloucester Gweek - 582 ^95 18 5 if

0 Harwich - - 4>572 17 61

Hull - 14M39 5 9

0 0^ Ilfracombe - 242 6 71

Ipswich - - 8,422 9 sl

Lancaster - 24»44« H Si

Lanelly - - 743 »9 4i

rT Leigh - 1,600 18 91

Liverpool - 323,63616 91

Looe - ^73 8 Mi

Lyme - C394 9 9

Lynn - 64,840 10 10}

Maldon - - 8,604 6 1

MONEY.

' T 1784.

BONDS. Interest on Bonds. Total Receipt in Money and Bonds.

2,240,411 12 9i 9 13 - 5,187,052 9 5i

- - 257 16 "i

- - - 2,146 1,505 4 1 7f 9k

— " - 968 11 if

" m - 1*923 7 9i

" m ~ " - 1*695 14 8

- # " - - 2.47* 18 loj

- - - - 8,128 17 10J

- - - - 2,218 13 7f

- - 1 - - 1*4^4 13 9

56,828 1 5 - - 39L738 H

- - - - 1,020 4 7

_ - - - 53 18 2

_ - - - 176 5 lol

- - - - 632 12 1 i

- - - - 4,668 18 7k

- - - - 8,140 H ni

- - - - 2* >79 19 I *

- - - - 10,240 12 2

28,397 6 9l - - 31,208 14 —

- - - 4.333 3 5i

- - - - 2,853 18 3

- - 4*59 15 2

- - - - 23,083 11 10

14,30314 9i - - 3L594 14 io|

- - - 4,804 5 7f

- - - . 1,388 9 7k

- - - 582 18

- - 295 5 if

- - - 4.57‘* 17 61

*>457 14 — 5 - - 148,896 29 9l

- - - - 242 6 7i

- - - 8,422 9 3i

- - - 24*441 14 3 i

- - - - 743 19 4 i

- - - . l,6oo 48 9f

3>7*°47 5 5 - - 640,684 2 2f

- - - - 273 8 Hi

- - - - 1*394 9 9

- - - - 64,840 10 10j

‘ " 8,604 6 7

PAYMENTS 1784.

Debentures and Bounties.

1,041,863 16 3J

35 13 7 10 13 5

50,687 18 36 1

11J

*1

loi

if

85 10 i*yct 3 172 6

18,369 10 604 2

480 5 129 19 11,848 9

4

nf

nf

h

3

9l

71

4

35 ii ioJ

47C a 8,614 5

7i

174.2/6 13 8J

41 9 *,453 18

2

4i

Certificates.

22,893 17 ij

68 10

4 8 2}

6 16

6 6 — 2,979 8 af

4 15 Si

— 8 5

18 g

3 17 3i

603 14 7j

4 14 5

98 18 5

39 4 8

>5 11 9

107 9 —

32 6 -I

15,115 9 61 1 >5 2l

Portages.

1.854 3 6J

189

7 3

11 4

>2 7

10

3i

77

260

la

i 5i

6 4s

10 1J 16 3

16 — j

7 10

Saline, tnd

Incidents.

I >5.737 721 916 757 539 1,680 1.074 543 1,101

589

5»i

8,398

1.134

329

376

219

170

1,651

i>339

956

1-763

2,19-2

1,628

3,734

3.022

1,149

997

748

270

260

1.289

4,768

213

880

1,361

288

84

8,487

449

981

2,545

1,343

17 9l 19 4t

18

16 2I

18 3

15 lol 14 if

l6

3 5 7

7 1

5

11

12

6

8

4

6f

6f

if

*f

4

9

4*

4

6

if

-1

81

1

2 2J

— 5 13 9z 13 9l

18 Ql 15 3 i

5 M

8 si

2 —

3 2l

5 — i

1+ -j 1 — 1

— 5

17 5i

15 6j

19 8J 2| 7

6

11

12 35 *.1 /x

4

14

2

4*

Total of Payments.

1,182,349 14 9 4,004,702. 14

721 19 4i -

916 18 1 — 1 1,229 6

757 l6 2 i 747 5

644 2 324 8

1,683 5 io| 235 1

1,087 19 4 607 15

548 4 n 1*924 14

1,108 — 3l 7,020 17

589 5 i$ ,629 8

5«7 13 2f 947 —

62,255 1 8 329,482 19

1.174 18 4x -

3*9 5 4i

3/6 11 4

219 12 6 412 19

260 16 2 i 4*408 2

3.634 13 9i 4*5o6 1

1»515 8 ni 664 10

950 2 2f 9,284 9

*0,736 5 If 10,472 8

2,801 10 si i,53i 12

1,628 13 9i 1*225 4

4.314 2 4f -

3*202 4 — i 19,881 7

13»044 13 4f 18*550 1

997 8 3i 3,806 17

783 14 iof 604 14

270 3 2 \ 312 14

260 5 -f 35 —

1,289 14 3*283 3

5*429 2 9k 143*467 17

213 — 5 29 6

880 ‘7 H 7*541 11

10,010 2 11 M*43i 11

288 19 8f 454 19

84 6 2j 1,516 12

198,140 11 11 442,543 10

449 12 3f -

1,024 8 Mf 370 — -

4,012 — 7 60,828 10

1.343 2 6k 7*26l 4

Net Produce.

52

52

42

8

61

3

Payment* exceeding ilie Receipt.

464 2 9!

154 13 9x

275 7 *f

199 15 5x

154 7 2j

176 3 4

On

o

V

00

’ ' V " " " \ - "I

o

*0

0

Milford - 964 3 5r . -

Minehead - - 73* — 7 _ - .

Newcastle - 62,025 4 - - .

Newhaven - - 4,091 8 >4 - 1 - _ - -

Padstow - 953 5 1 -

Penryn - 991 3 4 -

Penzance - - 3»,93 *9 4 -

Plymouth - - 14,838 19 -

Pool - - 7, Hi 16 9i - -

Portsmouth - 18,028 — 4 -

Preston - 1,229 15 3i 1 - -

Rochester - - H,i37 10 8|i 94 17 6 - -

Rye - - i,473 15 4 . - -

St. Ives - 4,342 8 9 - -

Sandwich - 7,«>32 5 H -

Scarborough - 5,620 13 4 - -

Scilly - 18 9 4 - -

Shoreham - - 2,853 *9 23 - . - -

Southampton - 30,236 5r -

Southwold - - 1,655 13 9i -

Stockton - 5,456 17 H . - -

Sunderland - - 37,365 1 11*. -

Swaczey - 2,350 H nj -

Truro - 13,777 8 -i -

AVells - 2,703 19 7 -

Weymouth - 2,693 19 Si -

Whitby 6,836 19 4 - -

Whitehaven - 16,556 5 5,096 17 - -

Wisbeech - - 8,565 10 . -

\V oodbridge - 3,719 18 -i -

Yarmouth - - 36,154 18 - -

Total - 4,296,995 3 10 i 2,663,637 10 35 9 »3 —

g

(a

i — h

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

Custom H°, London, 1 31 December, 1785. j

t

, . 10 6 1.958 5 4l 1,958 >5 >oi . _ 994 41

- - - - 437 7 11 427 7 11 303 12 8

446 2 11 75 19 ii 35 4 61 4,012 18 8* 4,37 5 34 57,054 18 ' ’

1,583 2 1! ,583 2 i 2,508 6 1 X

587 6 ill 587 6 365 18 6l

693 15 1 5 10 — - - 290 15 7l 99® — 81 1 2

245 8 2 194 1 -1 - - 1,011 6 5 M5°" 15 7i 1,743 3 «1

339 8 5t 45 1 5i - - 4,79 10 5i 4,464 — 4i io,374 19 7.

1,111 H ij 26 11 H 2 4 -1 J.758 11 lo$ 2,899 1 6 4,242 15 3l

936 19 11j 1,240 16 5 11 9 31 3,799 17 81 5,289 3 3f 12,738 16 11

- k 8 16 — . - 50^ ,5 ioi 512 11 ioi 7*7 3 4l

- — 17 >1 - - - 3,989 18 3i 2,990 15 5 11,241 12 9» 1,356 10

2,830 5 71 2,830 5 7f 71 - - 5

*,450 1 4i - - - - 503 10 *4 2,953 11 1,388 17 i*

1,60716 9i 733 3 -I - . - 2,654 13 71 4,985 13 6 2,046 12

- 2 18 8* - - - 854 8 5 857 7 c! 4,763 6 »1 3i

393 3 61 293 3 - - 274 14

1,244 2 >1 1,244 2 el 1,609 17

294 1 3 35 9 10 13 1 3 i 2,622 17 3 2,955 9 27,280 10 11!

- - 4 3 8f - - 381 13 5 385 >7 >1 1,269 l6 8

34 »7 2 - - - - 743 — 4 777 17 6 4,679 — I

- ‘ - 77 2 - - i,o75 4 -1 1,152 6 9l 36,212 15 *1

H H 7 - - - - 933 18 — 1 938 12 7l 1,4‘2 2 4i

3,5 H 7 9$ - - - 9 5 n 6,682 15 10,216 9 54 3,500 18 7i

86 5 5 i - - - - 773 6 71 859 J» -1 1,844 7 61

13 5 2 - - - - 1,343 12 5 1,250 17 7 1,437 2 >1

- - 2 9 1 - - - 939 10 11 932 — — 5,904 19 H

9,104 6 ni 173 — 1 5 5 si 3,575 1 81 11,857 H — 9.795 8 81

132 7 6 - - 22 — 4 624 6 7 778 14 5 7,786 15 7

7i 585 18 5i 5«5 18 5i 3,133 19 7?

3,5*2 M 8 12 .5 33 7 9l 2,863 2 5 6,417 17 2i 29,737 1 «1

1.354.853 2 44,62013 ai 2,568 4 4 230,619 7 4i 1,612,660 7 lof 5,352,032 6 1! 4,050 6 9l.

<1

o

w

o

o\

o

1.

Jos* Powell, for the Comp* General.

= -4

o

'o

1 O T>

O I?:

c 5- ’-i. a cr a

? S' S’

I io 46° Januani. ^.1787.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N# 17.

An A C C 0 U N T of the Incidental Expences exclusive of the Incidental Salaries, paid out of tbft Duties of the Customs, by the Receiver General in the Port of Lmubn, far the Year 178

When, and to whom Paid.

Jan. 10. fVill"Speer and others, for mak-

ing up Accounts relating to the Customs -17. Thomas Greathead, Plantation Officer, the Balance of his Account -24. Felton Lionel , King’s Remembrancer, Fees D' - Parchments (London)

D" - - D* (Out Ports) -Feb. 28. Geo. Farrell and Edu/ Millson, principal Coal Meters, London -Mar. 6. Incidental Charges in passing Receiver General’s Accounts Apr. 10. JVtU"Speer and others, making up Accounts -17. Samuel John Bamesley, Treasurer Messenger - -

May 1. John Eales and others, Repayments of Land Tax John Carey, - - D* D° -John Harmans, Rent 8. Peter Franklyn, Plan" Officer, the Balance of his Account James Bruce - - D° D* -John Hall, Warehouse Rent Several Officers in the Port of London, Repayment of land Tax -

15. Charles Jenkinson, Devisee in Trust to S' C. Cope (Ground Rent of Custom House)

Roger Seabrooke, Repayment of Land Tax - -

22. Ja? Galloway and B. Brummell, Dr Chamberlains, entering Tallies -June 5. James Higham and others, Repayment of Land Tax -12. Rob‘ Menzies and Rick1 Gardner,

for copying Ledger of Inspector of Imports and Exports in Scotland -July 10. Will" Speer, &c. making up Accounts -Lord Sondes, Auditing general Account -

D* - - - D* -

24. John Swinney, late Plantation Officer, Balance of his Acc*

Aug. 7. Lord Sondes, Auditing Acc' of Candles -

Fees and Allowances for making of and passing Accounts relating to the Customs, &c.

608 16 6

45 *2 —

1,063 17 2 608 16 6

Rent

Rates and Taxes.

105-----

250-----

137-----

284 — 6

D*

of Hops

14. Farrell and Millson, principal Coal Meters -28. Sami John Bamesley, Treasury Messenger - -

Sept. 4. Officers of the Pipe, and other Fees -

11. Charles Foster, for John Hyatt’s Pension -

608 16 6

500

297 -

2

2

80 12 4

10 — — 4-----

801

4 15 ~

7 4 —

60

Other Incidental Pigments.

164 6 7

54 S 4 437 8 10

786 18 — i

45 16 JT

46 3 9 49 — 5

5

88 11 1

747 10 6 15 3 4

Oct.

27 Geo. III. 26° Jamarii. 111

Fees and Allowances Other Incidental Payments.

When, and to whom Paid. lor making up and passing Accounts reiat- Rent. Rates and Taxes. Pensions.

ing to the Customs, 6lc.

Oct- 10. Free Fishermen at Milton, Compensation for Damage to Oyster Beds, by the Quarantine

5#--

; Lord Sondes, Auditing general Account, out of Coinage Anthony Harrison, acting as Gauger 10 — 16 17 10

16. Wm Speer, &c. making up Accounts - - - 608 16 6

Will* Humphrey, Warehouse Rent Nov. 6. R' Honble. Jenkinson, for m m m 250

S' C. Cope, Ground Beut - - 137 r

20. John Eales, and others. Repay-

ments of Land Tax - - - ..... to — 6

27. Samuel John Bamesley, Treasury

Messenger James Higham, Repayment of Land 16 3 4

Tax 7 4 6

Dec. 25. Roger Seabrooke, &c. Taxes repaid - - - - 4 7 6

1785- Jan. 5. And'* Fees, Cash Ace* - - -]

Customs - 410 - - -1 New Duties 316 - . - -J 726 -

5,446 8 — 879 848 13 11 60 2,523 8

Fees end Allowances for making up and passing Accounts relating to the Customs, &c. ——

Kent.....- - - '

Rates and Taxes - - ... - _ - .

Pensions -

Other Incidental Payments ——

5,446 8 —

879 — —

848 13 11

60 — —

2,523 1 8*

9,757 3 Ik

The Suips of 410, and 316, have not been paid, but were taken Credit for, in the.

usual Manner, at Quarter Day, the Alteration in the Auditor's Office not being then expected; and although they are Fees -for passing the Account of the Year 1784, probably may not be taken: In that Case, they will be carried to the Account of the respective Branches as a Repayment.

J. , for the Receiver General.

N* 18.

The Examination of William , Esquire; taken upon Oath, December 23d, 1785.

This Examinant saith. That the Sum of Six hundred and Eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, stated in the Account of the Incidental Expences of the Customs, to be paid to him by the Receiver General, every Quarter, consists of a Variety of Sums, subject to the Civil List and One Shilling Duties, paid to himself and several other Persons; Seven of them are Clerks in the Revenue Office of the Treasury, who are employed in making up Accounts of all the Branches of the Revenue, for the Use of the Board of Treasury, and some of them to be laid before Parliament; they have Annual Salaries, settled by a Minute of the Treasury, in the Year 1776, payable out of Customs, for the Business they transact, though that Business Relates to all the other Branches of the Revenue as well as that of the Customs.

IV. Speer.

T. Anguish,

A.Piggott,

Rick1 Neave,

Samf Beachcrojt,

Geo. Drummond,

Will* Roe.

You 41

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

112

a 6° Januarii.

A. 1787.

N* 19.

Ad ACCOUNT of the Incidental Expences, exclusive of the Incidental Salaries paid put of the Duties of the Cus* toms, at the respective Out Ports of England and Wales, for the Year 1784.

ABERYSTWITH:

Pent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys....

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

ALDBRO’:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

A RUNDELL:

Rent -....

Pettys -....

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

BARNSTABLE:

Rent....

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Quarantine Expences for Hire of*Vessels, &c. Pettys -

Postage -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

BEAUMARIS:

Rent....

Tradesmen’s Bills -Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

BERWICK:

Rent - -

Tradesmen’s Bills - -

Pettys

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

BIDEFORD:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills - -

Pettys ....

Postage - -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

16

- 9 17 10

13 7 6

413

- — 3 6

- 53 6 6

— 13 1

9 10 —

- 9 1 —

1 — 1 i

2 >3 5

126 10 11 — 7 ~

21

7 12 3|

I 9 9

- 6 8 11

- 101

- — 10 —

11 10 —

- 2 14 4

- 8 1 —

9 14 8

2 14 8

- 56

- — 9 7i

59 6 —

- 35 5 U

19 7 5*

- 31 12 1

- 6 1 61

- 78 13 6 i

- 282}

27 1 —

- 18 5 5

6 n 5

12 5 4

- 7 — 11

- 76 4 8

% 1 — 3i

- 11 4 3 6

7 9 3k

- — 11 10

- 102 2 —

- 1 00 0

97 9 *

*49 2 5 k

138 —

91 4 Zi

232 13 10f

148 9 — i

125 15 5

BLACKNEY:

27 Geo. Ill

2(5" Januarii.

113

BLACKNEY:

Rent ——

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -

Civil List Repaid -

BOSTON:

Pettys -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -

BRIDGWATER:

Rent ——

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys ——

Postage - -.-

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -

Civil List repaid -

BRIDLINGTON:

Rent -.....-

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys ——

Postage - -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

BRISTOL:

Rent ——

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Quarantine Expences for Hire of Sloops, &c.

Pettys ——

Postage....

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

CARDIFF:

Rent - - - - ./j

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Paid William Rees, Pilot, and his Men, for Piloting the Brig Neptune from Pennarth Road to Cardiff Quay Paid John Percifield and his Men, for a Night Guard during her Detention -Pettys -

Postage -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -

CARDIGAN:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bill -

Messengers Joumies to the Coast Officers -Officers Travelling Charges to the Coast Officers -Pettys ——

Postage - -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid

CARLISLE:

Rent

Tradesmen’s Bills Comptroller’s Travelling Charges One Man for extra Service Pettys -

Postage -

CHE

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills *

Pettys

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid - -

L5 7 - -

15 9 1

3 2 4

1 2 9

— 2 —

42 17 —

— 15 4

2 10

— 12 —

92 2 —

22 15

21 1 2i

4 18 11

— 11 81

8 8 -

35 2 10

— 12 5

12 —

9 6 8

7 it 1

3 19 71

54 10 —

— 11 2f

O w e* v0 '

222 8 8

176 16 11

35 12 9

40 19 1

115 2 2

662 11 —

9 7 4

9 10

5 7 7

8 12 3

12 9 —

8 14 11

3 2 3

35 6 8

7 10

13 13 —

26 — 6

35 18 1

9 >7 8

4 14 11

25 — —

— 15 8

2 to

1 >3 2

1 15

6 16 6

— 19

— 6 1

8 10 -

3 —

7 2 6k

17 2 6

— 5 ni

78 15 6

95 4 —

93 10 a

87 18 7

1,425 7 1*

83 2 8

i23 9 it)

14----

Fifteenth Report on Public Account*.

Voi» 42.

Gg

36 1 —

CHESTER

A. 1787

114

Fifteenth

Report on Fnblie Accounts; -

16° Janumi

CHESTER:

Rent - '

Tradesmen's Hills '

(Ifficers Travelling Charges Pcitvs - - - "

Postage - - " " ".

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -

Civil List repaid

CHICHESTER:

Rent -

Tradesmen's Bills "

Pettys -

Postage - 7 *

Land l ax on Officers Salaries repaid

Civil List repaid -

COLCHESTER:

Rent -

Tradesmen's Rills -Pettys 1

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

COJVES:

Rent

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys....

Post'd^ -....

Rates and Taxes on Custom House,

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

DARTMOUTH:

Rent - -

Pettys -

Rates and Taxes on Custom Hou-e, >-

Land Tax on Officers Salaiics repaid - «-

DEALE:

Rent - - - . - -

Tradesmen’s Bills

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, 9ic.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid *----

DOVER:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Rills -

Quarantine Expences lor Hire of Vessels, &c. Pettys -

Postage ----- - »

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. *

Land 1 ax on Officers Salaries repaid

Civil List repaid - - - _ -

EXETER:

Rent ----- 3 5

Tradesmen's Rills -

Pettys . _ .

Postage ---- a

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, 5cc.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid - - - .

FAE M

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Quarantine Expences for Hire of Vessels, Sic Pettys - - - „

Postage - - — — _

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid - !

Civil List repaid . _ m

XU

18 2 6

1 10 18 11

14 — —

7- 17 10

id 19 5

127 4

2 4

84

i;3 2

1.) 3 —

2 10 n

112 14 5 17 —

20 —

7 8 ~ — 8 ~

.3 7 3

10 12 0

74 It) —

4> 1S —

-3 »> 3

11 0 11

23 id 8

11 id —

150 4 —

1 12 c[

27 O 18 —

8 10 —

237 10. 7

r)2 12 d

80 2 01

t 8- 1 10

/ 2 10

2.3 7- 8

8 1

2 10 -1

8.3 8 —

4i 2 —

23 4 —

10 CL 7

8 4 10

21 17 —

327 3 4

O 11 8-

!\ - 18 d

.20 12 2}

-T / 8 9

3 17 —

3i 3 17 fi 18 2}

2.3 L3 —

27' — 0

3° 4 —

3-2 > 81

-ti 1 d 5

i3i <7

T 8- < i

3l>- —

178 7

~ t

/ -

12*12 9

2<:7 4 7 »

275 18

- I / *

JJ/

2 01

- i

4

- 1

J £

5°° 9; i

z'j r> 10.}

FA VF. RM:

8

r

27 Geo. III. 2 Januarii.

FA VE R SHA

Rent -....

Tradesmens Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid - -

T

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Postage -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

GLOUCESTER:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills - -

Pettys -

Postage - -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

GfVEEK:

Rent - -

Tradesmen's Bills -

Pettys ——

Postage -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -

H A R

Rent -

.Tradesmen’s Bills -

Quarantine Expences for Hire of Vessels, See. Pettys - - - - -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

HULL:

Rent - - - »

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys ——

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House,

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

45 —

- 43 >9

- — 19 "

724 18 13 10 84 9 —

- 2 4§i

7----

3----

— jo —

- — 36

: l-l

1 19 5

2

— 14 — 26 2 —

- - 2 7i

10-----

6-----

— 14 —

2 12 4

- 32-----

50 0 3

10 14 4r

- 44 ‘ ’

8 5 2

- 13 5 6

11 14 — 22 14 2 — 18 9

173----

31 19 — i 54 17 8

24 11 10

27 14

550 15 2i 7 — 1 i

IL F R A COMB:

Rent - -

Tradesmen’s Bills , - -

Pettys - -

Postage -

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

IPSWICH:

Rent - -

Tradesmen’s Bills -Repairing the Custom House Pettys -

Postage ——

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

St.IVES:

Rent - -

Pettys -

Postage -

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid

3

- 1 3 7 i

- 825

- 29 12 —

- — 21

- 12 6 S

- 9 1 13

16 18 6

- 16 0

- 3 5

- 53 4 ~

2 19 Si

4 14 —

- — 10 —

- 7 7 8

- 33 14 2

202

120

36

S’

161 lS

S69 18

42 —

187 5

4(5 5 10

Vol. 42.

H5

fifteenth

Report

on Public Accounts.

17 II X

13 6

2

4

21

10*

6 |

ALN CASTE R:

Fifteenth

hepoi t

on Public Accounts.

11

26° Jauuarii.

LANCASTER:

Rent -

Tradesmens Bills - -

One Man attending the Warehouse -Pettys -

Postage and Carriage of Letters -1 axes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

LA NELLY:

Rent - -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage - - - > -

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

LEVERPOOLE:

Rent -

Tradesmen's Bills -Quarantine Hire of Flats, &c.

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

LOO E:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -Pettys -

Postage -

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

L

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage - -

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

LYNN:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Rates and Taxes or Custom House, &c. Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

MA

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills' -

Pettys -

Postage....

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid

MILFORD:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid - -

MINE HEAD:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills - -

Pettys -

Postage -

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

55 16 —

- 36 15 10|

- 29 6 —

21 13 11

- 10 6 —

- 54 12

- 211 iif

9 7 —

- 3 9 6

3 1 9

- 1 10 —

40 15 —

- — 7 u

179 13 —

- 354 16 lif

- 205 6 3

245 12 8

35 10 6

5 14 9

- 609 7 1

- 16 7 2f

626

- 2* 8 —

3 1 —

— 7 4

- 46 12 4f

- 3 1

18 10 —

- 22 12 7

3 14 —

1 19 10

- 121 12 — — 9 —

- — 5 — 74 4 4

39 8 6 J1 _

- 170 3 8

- 1 17 lif

28 16 —

- 14 — 7

- 5 2-

3 19 9

- 13 17 11

- 133 3 —

48

- 4 7 4f

73 18 6

20 14 8

- 171 16 8

- — 17 6

2 10 —

- 9 4 4

- 5 17 3

1 — 7

45 — iof

- — 13 71

As 1787.

211 2 41

5811 2

1,652 8 5 i

58 14 3

168 17 5

316 19 5i

198 19 3

319 14 81

€4 6 7!

NEJVCASTL

GOOgl

h

'.I

27 Geo. III.

26° Januarii.

117

NEWCASTLE:

Rent - -

Tradesmen’s Bills - -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

N E1V HAVEN:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -

PAD ST

Rent - -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Quarantine Expences for Hire of Vessels, &c. Pettys -

Postage -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid....

P ENRYN:

Rent - .

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

PENZANCE:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage....

Taxes on Officers Salaries repaid -

PLYMOUTH:

Rent ——

Tradesmen’s Bills - -

Quarantine Expences for Boarding, Fire, Candle, &c. -

Pettys - -

Postage -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

P O RTS MOUTH:

Rent ——

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Quarantine Expences for Hire of Vessels, &c.

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

POOLE:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -Pettys -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid Civil List repaid -

PRESTON:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -

146 15 6

— 139 *7 10 53 8 2

- 20 10 4

- 33 19 6

287 14 6

- 6 17 iof

18 7 -

_ 6 9 8

8 16 — I

4 13 10

- 1 14 11

- 130 8 —

11

4

3

6

1 —

3 I

7 6 9 10

712 6

79----

— 5 —

18 4 — 2 1 10 316 — 2 6

36--

- 8 7

21 10 —

3 J9 10 12 1

6 8 6

75 — 3i

61 10 — 34 10 10}

9 2 6 11

217 111

911 —

348 10 —

2 8 — i

5 8 144 2 194 17 — 82 16 — 8 1 —

39 9 J 275 8 0

2 15 5

7

61

49----

83 2 2

24 3 9 164 13 3 311 6i

23 13 14 9

19 9 — 16

3 1

9 9

4

1

1

2

71 2 i

689 3 8*

170 9 5

111 19 7

59 18

5

117 10 4

785 6 — i

752 18 8 f

324 10 81

Fifteenth Report on Public ^ccounti-

Vc l. 42.

70 18 6

ROCHESTER:

118

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

2 <5° Januarii.

ROC HESTER:

Rent *....

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Tidesmen travelling to and from Gravesen Rochester and Stangate Creek T

Pettys - _ - -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

R YE:

Rent - - - ‘ "

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, See.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil' List repaid -

SANDWICH:

Rent - - - .

Tradesmens Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, See.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

SCARBR

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills - - ! -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, See.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

S HO RE HAM:

Rent....

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

I-and Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

SO UT HAMP

Rent....

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Quarantine Hire of a Sloop to go to Guernsey Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

SOUTH WO LD:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c.

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

Bills

STO CKTO N:

Rent -

Tradesmen’s Pettys

Postage and Carriage of Letters -Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

23

- 60 1 3

to

- 52 11 6

- 60 1 2

- 6 410

- 1186

- 97 10 —

- 2 13 51

60

- 63 10 11|

- 13 3 10

- 12 13 7

- 23 1.5 10

- 372 8 —

- 2 3 61

3.5 1.5 —

- 92 7 41

- 87 19 11

- (i 311

- 154 3 —

- 3 4 8

JO

- 1011 7

- 6 3 9

- 3 3 7

- 3 15 —

- 79 3 4

- — 12 nj

4i 3 5t

- 23 11 6

18 13 it

2 19 *

- 11 16 —

- 170

- 1 7 3

110

- 27 4 9

- 10 10 —

34 4 5i

- 7 6 3

- — 13 6

- 19° 19 3

- 3 5 2

13 10 —

- 4 13 8

- 12 — 5

- 3 13 1

- 1 i(i

- 12

- — 9 2*

32

- 9 19 11

- 4 17 4

- 9128

A. 1787.

313 10

547 15 9*

392 13 1 r

123 10 2 i

269 11 2

384 3 5 i

48 2 iof

58 5 6

SUNDERLAND.

37 Geo. III. 36° Januarii.

SUNDERLAND: Rent - - - Tradesmen’s Bills Pettys Postage - - Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Civil List repaid - - - - 9 9 8 5 12 JO 7 14 — 1 3 — — 1 7 i£

SWANZ Y: Rent - - - -Shipping of Coals by 5 Men -Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid - 21 — . — - 33 1 — 104 8 — — 16

SC ILLY: Rent Tradesmens Bills ---- Quarantine Expences, Hire of Vessels, &c. -Pettys - -- -- -Postage ---- 9 n 5 4 3 JO 4 — 19 — 3 7 1

TRURO: Rent - -- -- - Tradesmen’s Bills - Pettys - -- -- - Land Tax oh Officers' Salaries repaid - Civil List repaid ---- 12 14 M 4 3 9 9 12 8 54 — 9 4? |

WEYMOUTH: Rent - -- -- -Tradesmen’s Bills - - - - Pettys - - Postage ---- Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid - Civil List repaid - - - - 45 15 — 15 8 1 11 15 8 14 id 11 1 11a 1 138 1 11 l«i

WELLS: Tradesmen’s Bills ---- Pettys - -- -- -Postage ---- Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid - Civil List repaid ---- 11 17 4 428 1 16 10 d l. j 1 o lid 12 — — 5 "

WHITE HA VE N: Rent - -- -- -Tradesmens Bills ---- Pettys - -- -- -Postage ---- Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid - Civil List repaid ---- 79 *3 " 55 78 n 7 5 11 7 1 10 — 8 2 3 7 — 1

WHITBY: Rent - -- -- -Tradesmen’s Bills ---- Pettys - -- -- -Postage ---- Rates and Taxes on Custom House, Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid - - Civil List repaid ---- 13 13 — 3 3i° 724 17 — 80 14 2 1 !

W IS BEACH: Rent - Tradesmens Bills ---- Pettys ---- Rates and Taxes on Custom House, &c. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid - 426 8 18 iof 1 15 — .32 6 — 1

WOODBRIDGE: Rent - - Tradesmen’s Bills ---- Pettys ----- Postage ---- Rates and Taxes on Custom House, Sec. Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid - ,-Civil List repaid ---- 13 10 — 1019 2 3 id 9i 3 3 8 10 2 8 57 14 — — 12 5i

53 3 71

158 19 6

28 2 6 f

Si — 3 »

228 9 5 i

126 8 7 t

2,'] 1 15 5»

133 16 4i

59 2 4 *

99 18 9*

XIp

Fifteenth Report on Public Account^.

YARMOUTH:

120

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

a<5° Januarii.

A. 1787.

YARMOUTH:

Rent....

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Pettys -

Postage -

Land Tax on Officers Salaries repaid -Civil List repaid -

Custom House, London, 8th Feby 1786.

58 11 —

- - 59 *3 2 35 12 3

10 11 2

- 285 10 —

- 2 15 2i 452 12 9

Total £17,496 11 10 f

James Powell, Inspr.

N. R. Allowances to Officers for the Quarantine Service, and Incidental Payments to Tidewaiters, Boatmen, Watchmen, and Weighers, being considered as a Species of Salary, are not included in this Account.

The following Articles arc also omitted, it appearing that they are included in an Account rendered in Obedience to a Precept of the 17th Dec' 1784, viz*.

Chester. Two Officers discharging Foreign Ships -Expences in Admeasuring Carriages used in the Shipping of Coals -

43-----

29 2 —

Milford. Expences in Admeasuring Coal Carriages, and taking an Account of the Shipping of Coals....

44 2 4

J(f Powell, <$ Insp'.

1

g

cq'

r-h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

r

N* 20.

o

W

O

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Sums arising from the Produce of Seizures and from Fines, together with the Amount of the Charges of Condemnation and Sale, &c\ and of the Shares of the Crown and Seizing Officers; and of the Payments out of the Shares of the Crown, for Charges of Management, and into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year 1784; distinguishing what Part of the said Sums have been received and paid by the Receivers of Fines and Forfeitures for London and the Out Ports, and by the Solicitors, respectively.

D

cq'

i — H

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

rT

PORTS.

Aberystwith - - Nil.

Aid borough -

Arundel -Barnstable -

Beaumaris, and its Dependcnis Berwick, and its Dependent Blackney and Clay Boston -

Bridgwater -

Bridlington -

Bristol -

Bideford - -

Cardiff ... Nil. Cardigan -

Carlisle - - - Nil.

Chepstow - Nik

Chester, and its Dependent Chichester -

Colchester -

Cowes -Dartmouth -

Deale -

Dover, and its Dependents Exeter -Falmouth -

Faversham.

Fowp.y -

Gloucester - - Nil.

Gweek -Harwich -

Hull ..... Ilfracombe - . Nil.

Ipswich -

Lancaster, and its Dependent Lanelly -

Liverpoole* .

I.ooe -Lyme -

The Grots Produce.

6f

10

11

4°5 9 >r 823 13 —

10 18

77<i —

76 13 25 ll 231 7

114 17 — 220 5 6

6°9 i5 gi

732 9 11

53 5 84

71

100

2.835 2,886 10,356 5,585 5,751 13,202 3,924 8,799 13 1,100 2 261 14

9

5

13

10

18

9

18

12

7

11

HI

2

44

3

54

84

74

3i

777 5 4

6,887 6 104

4i3 3 74 203 15 — 4

202 10 — 102 10 2{ 2,437 19 ii M57 9 5 827 16 14

*>8 t»*?

o ° ft s:

ifii

a cr *+ a i?? &

Charges of Condemnation, &c. paid out of the Gross Produce.

164

5

88

11

69

17 14 220 4 I *

4 84 437 3 4

7 34 3 14 24

13 24 363 2 11

7 84 40 19 31

11 104 7 19 7

J5 9 144 17 10

10 2 7i n 24

8 8 16 84

6 54 286 6 54

8 84 339 — 74

14 7 20 5 64

9 11

364 6 3i5 11 788 13 657

763

1,491

402 i,5i5 169

694

45

21

25

21

248

115

104

64

104

2

His Majesty’* Net Share.

45 8 104

1,569 17 114 1,509 13 104

4,930

2 44 3,285 17 6

12 10 3,132 — 2

*7 10 7,498 8 i4

15 64 2,343 10 24

15 64 4,129 7 34

4 nf 6l8 15 44

>9 H 146 3 5

17 34 443 11 4

6 5f 3,558 16 5

2 114 184 7 14

7 2f - _ _

14 10 110 12 8

14 6 40 }5 lOf

12 — 4 1,214 10 10

7 2i 655 10 10

14 Hi 456 1 64

The Seizing OflK/»-rt Part.

Out

117 8 54

222 5 —

1 17 1

324 4 84

24 6114

7 19 64 73 14 — I 35 15 7i 81 — 14

254 2 94

339 — 74

20 5 64

45 901 1,061

4,637

*,642

1,855

4,512

1,178 3,154 10 312 2 75 u

18

16

12

6

lUf

54

2 4 84 64

3

34

84

104

4

9

227 16 84 2,634 4 —

183 13 64

182

66

7 10 2 6

Ports.

The W hole Net Produce of

Wool.

Lynn

A/nidon

" I ««> 7 I

- I i I

39 19 94 974 16 24 386 11 44

238 19 74

tin# Seizure (being Wool) is the Officers legal Share

His Majesty's Net Share, per contra.

220 4 — 4

437 3 4

3 14 2!

363 2 11

40 19 34

7 19 n i

144 17 10

7i 11 24

83 16 81

286 6 51

339 7

20 5 64

45 8 104

1,569 17 nf

1,509 13 104

4,930 9 34

3,285 17 6

3,132 — 2

7,198 8 104

2,343 10 24

4,129 7 34

618 15 4l

146 3 5

443 11 4

3,558 16 5

184 7 14

110 12 8

40 15 lOf

1,214 10 10

655 10 10

456 1 64

Charges of Management, heing ''for matntaming Custom House Cruisers, &c\

1,281

1,136

1,166

3,286

1,916

28

16

10

11

16

*9

4

11

15 11

16

1,460 11 172 —

— f

24

3i

4f

4*

8

7

64

nf

34

7 4U

68 9 — 4 600 1 — 24 14 10

Remitted ot various Times to, and received by, the Receiver for the Out Ports.

- 220 4 — 4

- 437 3 4

3 14 24

120 _ /2 '9 54 98 18 84

20 19 5 13 »9 104

144 17 10

1 13 64 69 17 8

2 16 6 81 24

76 7 U 205 17 64

' 339 — 71

12 1 1 - -

30 1.5 11

578 18 104 990 19 14

151 16 64

2,648 18 3 2»149 1 3f 1,965 — 104 2,512 14 34 426 18 94 1,183 — 44

135 6 104

1,121 9 64

103 7 9

40 15 104 1,146 1 94

55 9 10

282 14 84

Balance reserved in Hand by each Collector, for Charges of Management, and "hich n in their running Cash Account current.

143 4 9

7 19 7

4 1 9f

8 4 51

14 12 114

357 17 44 1,000-----

.1,399 10 24

2,917 11 24

602 3 94

443 11 4

976 14 Hi

12 6 10

hi

ON

o

l:

148 12 — 4 M

00

vj

.7.. \

H ' rv n

D

cn

t — h

fsi"

CD

CL

CT

o

I*

to

Lynn -Maklon -Leigh -Milford -Minehead -

Newcastle -

Newhaven -

Padstow -

Penryn - Nil.

Penzance - Plymouth Poole -

Portsmouth

Preston, and its Dependent Rochester -

Rye, and its Dependents St. Ives -

Sandwich, and its Dependents Scarborough -

Scilly -Shoreham -Southampton -Southwold -

Stockton, and its Dependent Sunderland Swanzey -Truro -

Wells ..

Weymouth

Whitby -

Whitehaven, and its Dependent Wisbeech - - - Nil.

W’oodbridge -"Yarmouth -

Total of Out Ports

S27 1 r. *\

390 1 iO 7

283 8 94

464 1 7k

597 1 1 1

24 1 16 1 of

1,482 1 -

473 1 12 1 1

228 -

399 19 7

8,857 8 34

2,749 14 54

3,322 19 2f

8 5 -

1,648 17 94

4,988 10 31

10,919 18 H

6,533 — 4i

347 13 11

496 — H

2,659 15 ol 2

6,980 11 3

839 1 9i

684 15 44

122 10 3a

357 5

578 7

261 6 2

'3a i4 a l 4

1 o

3 80 238

1 1

O

Ai

7*

1,722 578 352 u

4

16

42 9 l

65 17 104 46 7 81 56 7 4 1

2 18 if 14» 8 4i

66 10 11-U 54 5 5R

*75 13 8 139 14 104. 268 16 1

271 15 2 14 12 6 700 8 10 271 8 —

98 2 14

57 2 — 4 I 182 10 8

1,093 15 uf

430 19

528 12 3 19

7*

319 '3 — 1 602 16 1,042 19 11

85

798 17 5t 2

63 411 783 128

95

3* 31 16 114 6 14 2 1 6

94

74

10

9

9i|

6

19 16 25 »7 58 16 50 ~ 178 11 80 9 49 3

6

54

8

6

3.424

1,516

1,622

2

890

2,725

5,466

3,526

193

288

1,495

3,768

449

391

67

216

39

127

1,025

323

9

14

11

2

13

6

4

4

6

2

6

1

19

11

14

1

19

4

2

54

84

It

10

84

1

4

74

3

54

84

44

94

4 14

64

4

— 4

164 11

172 7 10

77 16 — 4 148 17 104 269 13 64

763 640 3 94 135 13 114 75 12 54

H

U4

160

4,339

802

1,171

2

438

1,660

4,4io

2,207

103

144

753

2,429

261 197 35 114

210 83 51,8 175 138

6 104

2 104 — 2

ii

10 1

6

15

2

11

7

13

18.

5

1

8

2

18

9

3

13

9

6

8

4 16

104

44

44

34

5

H

44

H

10*

74

10

74

311 531 56 1 7

4,741 16 6f 735 19 44

170 1 104 I 85 1 94

2,075 5 5 I i,93o 11 84

136,322 16

24

,16,651 8 54169,95518104149,715

8 104

FINES.

Mr. 7"yton, Solicitor for London and the W estern Ports Mr. Cooper, Solicitor for the Northern Ports

5,293 2 10 8qq 4 1

13 16 3 I 3,809 17 114 I 1,469 8 74 iQ 11 3.1 374 14 8 1 405 18 2

t>5.)

Af

1 o

600

.V — / 1,140 1 9*

1 / />/> 9 10

14 10 1 282 *4 s*

175 13 8

139 14 ic4

268 16 l

271 15

14 12

700

271

98

2

6

8 10 8 — 2 l-i

182

3,424

1,516

1,622

2

890

2,725

5,466

3,526

193

10

9

14

11

2

13

6

4

4

6

8

54

84

H

10

84

1

4

74

3

4 — 3

138

11

675

252

48

4

7

10 15

11

14

3

7

14

104

163 — 2

262 12 54

24 18 3 18 12 104 49 10 24

2,770 .8 54 396 11 10 1,400 1 14

879 2 2,062 9 5,466 4

2,043 15 84 19

74

34

4

84

5

588 11 1,120 2

222 9

11 11

544 8

8

104

114

1

34

1,026

108

8 104 6 10

288 2 54 l6 1 14 22 3 54

1,495 - 84 604 14 64 788 18 104

3,768 6 44 1,163 2 64 2,605 31 0

449 1 94 - - 1 449 1 94

391 19 4 - I 391 19 4

67 11 14 14 16 H 52 15 - _. X T

216 14 64 - - 1 - -

309 1 4 6 17 3 302 4 1

127 19 -4 - - 1 83 3 84

1,025 4 54 1,009 16 101 1 15 7 7

323 2 54 8 4 i 314 18 54

164 11 n4 13 11 741 151 — 44

170 1 104 5 — 64 1 165 1 4

2,075 5 5 2,031 17 10 1 43 7 7

169,955 18 104 134,432 18 104 125,757 14 44

3,809 17 114 374 14 8

247 11 6

28 1 10

3,209 3 7 346 12 10

1 48 I 2 — *

8 13 3

139 14 104

6 3 74

133 11 4

3 5 3

182 10 8

65 9 34

2 2 10

118 8 54

456 — __ *

249 17 104

101 7 34

15

o

w

o

216 14 64 44 15 44

F5

o\

o

'f

1.

9,765 5 74

353 2 104

ide. the Receiver* Account, Folio 124.

Total

£ 6,093 611 33 7 6 4,184 12 74 I 1,875 6 94

4,184 12 74 1 275 13 4 3,555 16 5

353 2 104

The Reason why the King’s Share is less than the Seizing Officers, is owing to the King’s Part of a Seizure, made by Captain Beare, of the Wasp Lugger, being given by the Loras of the Treasury to the Seizing Officers, as a Reward for their courageous Conduct in the Capture of a Smuggler and her Cargo.

Jrt Bastin, Account*, 12th Sept* 1785.

*5

>$»3

rt ft

§ §:»! ?s- r

An ABSTRACT STATE of His Majesty’s Share of the Produce of Seizures, and from Fines, received and paid by the respective Receivers thereof, and the Solicitors for

London and the Out Ports, for the Year 1784.

D'

Mr. Isaac Needham, Receiver for London

Mr. Richard Thompson, Receiver for the Out Ports Mr. John Tyton, Solicitor for London,! 3,209 3 7!

and the Western Ports J 247 11 6/

Mr. William Cooper, Solicitor for the Northern Ports -

Total - - £.

Surat remitted to, and received by, the respective Receivers, and the Solicitors for London and the Out Ports, for His Majesty's Share.

61,188

31,598 17 64

25,757 14 4»

3,456 15 1

374 14 8

8i

Vessels -

Tradesmen’s Rills and Pettys -Soldiers Rewards, and Rewards for Seizures of Tobacco and Snuff -Allowances to Officers of the Customs -

L

1,507.

9,064

4

>5

5 i

l/4

946 —

7 n|

Vessels -

Tradesmen’s Bills and Pettys -Soldiers Rewards, and Rewards for Seizures of Tobacco and Snuff - - - .*

Postage

Allowances to Officers of the Customs

3.993 2

11,602 12

1,749 15 2,718 18

3 .>93 5

10j

3i

2*

6

5i

Payments made by the re-Hpectue Receivers and the Solicitors, on Account of the Clu* 1 get of Management, out oi His Majesty's Share.

11,693 17 5

23,257 14 41 247 n 6 28 1 io

ii

35,226 5

Total - - £

Payments into the Exchequer, by the respective Receiver* and the Solicitors, on Account of His Majesty's Share.

19,906 — ii

2,500----

3,209 3 7

346 12 10

25,961 16 64 35,226 5 if

61,188

84

Jrf Bastin, Account'. 12 Septr 1785*

26° Januariu A. 1787.

27 Geo. III.

N* 21.

The Examination of Mr. John Bastin; taken upon Oath, October 25th and November 1st, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That in the Account of the Produce of Seizures and Fines transmitted to this Board, the Charges inserted in the Column under the Title of Charges of Condemnation, &c. paid out of the Gross Produce, comprehend the Payments to all the Officers employed in the Condemnation and Sale, and the Poundages payable to the several Officers of the Customs, except that to the Inspector of Prosecutions: After these Charges are deducted out of the Gross Produce, the Remainder is divided into certain Shares between the King and the Seizing Officers, according to the Directions of the Acts of Parliament relative to Seizures; the Shares of the Officers are paid at the Port, the Shares of the Crown are remitted by the Collectors to the Receiver for the Out Ports, but retaining in their Hands such Portions of those Shares as may be wanted for

I3S

maintaining the Custom House Cruizers, and to defray such other incidental Expences at the Port as the Commissioners may think proper to order. Such Part of the King’s Share as is remitted to the Receiver for the Out Ports, is applied to any of the incidental Charges of Management arising in London, pursuant to the Orders of the Board, and the Remainder paid into the Exchequer. The principal Heads of Expence defrayed out of the King’s Share, either arising in London or remitted from the Out Ports, are the Cutters, Tradesmen’s Bills, Stationary, Rewards to the Soldiers who assist in making Seizures, to the Officers for seizing Snuff and Tobacco, and the Poundage to the Inspector of Prosecutions.

Bastin*

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott, llkhd Leave,

Sand Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond, ff'illm Roe,

26° Januarii*

N° 22.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Cruizers employed in the Service of the Customs, for the Year 1784; with the Complement of Men belonging to each Cruizer, at what Port stationed, the Amount of the Expence of each Cruizer, and at what Port paid.

N°of

Craixera.|

NAMES.

Lively and] Vigilant

2

3

A

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

Defence Success

Otter

Active Sprightly -Greyhound Scourge -Nimble Tartar Assistance Alert Stag -

Complement of Men

Al what Port stationed.

14 Hound

16

17

18

19

20

Surprize Enterprize Falcon Roebuck Antelope Rose

14

16

23

13

18

30

17 30

30

31 28 16

24

The Amount of the E: pence of each Cruizer.

£ s. d.

London - 75i 10 7

Gravesend to M4 O !

Rochester 889 3 -i

D° - - 518 3 3

Faversham 868 3 2

Sandwich 788 14 3

D° - - 777 6 7

Deale D° -Dover Dover D° - -

Rye - -

D° - -

Newhaven

Shoreham

21 Speedwell

22

23

24

25

26 2/

28

29

30

Swan

Laurel

Diligence

Alarm

Spider

Ranger

Wasp

Squirrel

Hawke

30 and

28

18

18 and 28I Chichester

21 11

30

31

23

20

32

26

28

21

20

20

Portsmouth D* - -

[Southampton

j fWeymouth j]Cowcs

D° - -

Poole

| - -

MW’ey mouth

Exeter Dartmouth Plymouth D° - -

Looe --'18 and 26I Falmouth -

1,078

1,064

i»3°4

1,378

443

1,041

1,337

1,288

726

1,212

79°

481

1,130

.504

814

9 9 6 16 11 6

9

9

2f

1

2

6 7

11

5

8

8

5

7

3

1

4i

10

9i

1

At what Port paid.

London

D° -

Rochester

D° -

London Sandwich D° -Jeale D° -

lover Jover D° - -

lye -

1,360 7

1,044 l°

] 1,5.56 1

1,051 8

1,301 17

793 —

Q2J l6

p So 7 1,254 7

10

11

0

6

7 6

9

8

3

5 I

Newhaven Shoreham Chichester Portsmouth D° - -

Southampton

Weymouth

Cowes

D° - -

Poole

fD° - -

] Weymouth Exeter Dartmouth Plymouth D" - -

Looe - -

8 Falmouth

These Vessels are the Property of the Crown: The Lively cruizes in the Winter Half-Year, and in the Summer the Crew do Duty on board the Vigilant. Establishment.

D°.

/The Otter is moored in Standgate Creek, to I guard the Quarantine.

Establishment.

Contract, commenced 27th May, 1784.

I)*, - - D° 27th January, 1784.

D°.

I)0, - commenced 23rd April, 1784.

Establishment.

Contract.

D°, commenced 22nd April, 1784. Establishment. f Contract. , T he Crew reduced to 24 Persons 9th Oct' 1784.

D*.

Establishment-in 1784, but now on Contract. Establishment.

I)0.

D°.

D°.

[This Vessel was on Contract at Weymouth,

J and removed to Cowes 10th June 1784, by which Means she was paid at both Places. Contract, commenced 6th March 1784.

D°.

fContract. Removed from Poole to Wey-] mouth, 2nd March, 1784.

l)°.

D°.

Establishment.

Contract.

D°.

D°.

Vo 1- 42.

Kk

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

126 26° Januarii. A. 1787.

N%f Croizen NAMES. Complement of Men. At what Port stationed. The Amount of the Ex-peuce of each Cruixer. At what Port paid.

31 Lark 20 Falmouth - 1,095 3 1 Falmouth Contract.

3 2 Lurcher - 30 Penryn 1,070 4 9 Penryn D".

33 Tamer 25 Scilly 1,251 13 — Scilly D*. By an Act passed in the

34 Brilliant - 30 St. Ives 1,409 10 9 St. Ives - 1)\ 21st Year of His present

35 Dolphin - 2 6 I)0 - - 1,1.59 — 8 D* - - D°. Majesty’s Reign, all Ex-

36 Brisk Milford - 529 6 10 Milford - D\ pences attending the

37 Repulse - 33 Colchester i,552 id 8 Colchester Establishment Maintenance of the a-

38 Argus 24 Harwich - 1,038 1 1 Harwich - D*. bove Vessels are directed

39 Bee - 16 D* - - 547 8 — D* - - Contract. to be paid out of the Pro-

40 Hunter - 2.5 Yarmouth 893 15 8i Yarmouth Establishment. duce of the Kings Share

41 Experiment 18 Boston 674 10 6 Boston D". of Seizures.

42 Swallow - 24 Hull - - 848 7 2; Hull - - I)'. Board’s Minute, 25th

43 Mermaid - 24 Newcastle 966 b 11 Newcastle D#. September, 1781.

44 Eagle 24 D° - - 842 5 8 D* - - D*.

Setnf Brown,

1,041 44,355 ib n 21st Feb7 178b.

N. B. 1,041 Men, taking the largest Number where there are Two for the same Vessel.

N' 23.

The Examination of Mr. Samuel Brawn; taken upon Oath, March 27th, April 1st and 4th, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That there are Two Modes of Payment for the Cruisers employed in the Service of the Customs; one upon the Establishment, the other by Contract. Where a Cruiser is upon the Establishment, the Vessel herself is the Property of the Crown; and all Expences of Repairs, Wages, Victualling, and every other Article, is paid Quarterly by the Collector of the Port where she is stationed, except in one Instance of a Vessel stationed at , and paid in

London. There are two Ways of contracting for Vessels: In one Case, the Vessel herself is the Property of the Crown, and no Charge is made for the Hire; but the Outfit, and all future Repairs, Wages, Victualling, and every other Expence, are paid out of the Gross Produce of her Seizures; and after deducting those Expences, the Remainder is, according to the Terms of the Contract, to be divided between the Crown and the Contractor; but in case the Amount of her Seizures is not sufficient to defray such Expences, the Deficiency is made good jointly by the Crown and the Contractor. In the other Species of Contract, the Contractor provides the Vessel after the Rate of 4$. 6d. per Ton per Lunar Month, for which he finds the Outfit, and all Repairs of the Vessel: The Hire of the Vessel, the Wages, Victualling, and all other Expences, arc, in like Manner as in the former Contract, paid out of the Produce of the Seizures made by her, and the Remainder is divided; and the Deficiency, if any, made good between the Contracting Parties.

As Surveyor for Sloops, all Accounts of Expenditure relative to the Cruisers pass through his Office; and in the Account delivered to this Board, the Sum set opposite to each Vessel is the Expence incurred for her during the Year, so far as appears by the Accounts transmitted to him, and by Computation, in Cases where the Bills have not yet been transmitted,

but where he can form a Computation, by knowing the Complement of Men, and those other Circumstances which will ascertain the Expence: The Contracts for these Vessels are formed by Minute of the Board of Customs. When a Contract is made, a Letter is sent by the Board to the Collector and Controller of the Port where the Vessel is to be stationed, specifying the Name of the Contractor, and informing them of the Terras of the Contract, that is, the Hire of the Vessel, if she is upon Hire, the Number of Men, and their Allowance for Wages, Victualling, and other Charges; and it is the Duty of those Two Officers to see that the Vessel is constantly Cruising, and that the full Complement of Mariners allowed by the Crown are actually on Board, which they are ordered to certify on the Back of the Journals of the Commanders and Mates of Vessels returned to his Office Quarterly. If any Deficiency in the Complement of the Crew is stated, they certify that the Wages and Victualling have been dedocted accordingly. At several of the Out Ports the Collectors and Controllers of the Port arc the Contractors for these Cruisers; at some of them both these Officers arc jointly Contractors; at others, One of them only. In the Year 1784, of 24 Cruisers which were upon Contract, 16 were contracted for with the Collectors and Controllers, or One of them, at the Port where the Cruiser was stationed.

The Vessels are directed to Cruise between Two certain Places, which are their Stations: These Stations frequently take in many Ports, and the Vessel is considered as stationed at that Port where she is paid.

When a Cruiser goes into any Port, the Master or other Person having the Command is instructed to attend the Collector and Controller, and acquaint them with his Reasons for coining in, and the Time when he intends to sail again. The Commander, the Chief Mate, and Second Mate, are Officers of the Customs in all the Cruisers; and in the larger ones, generally One of the Mariners is also an Officer, in Consequence of a Commission from the Board of Customs, and is called a Deputed Mariner. The Officers of the Cruisers upon the Establishment are in general appointed by the Board of Customs, pursuant to Warrants

27 Geo. III. 26° Janu 127

from the Treasury for that Purpose. The Officers in the Vessels upon Contract are recommended by the Contractor, and in Consequence thereof appointed by the Board of Customs.

The Pay of the Master is Fifty Pounds a Year; that of the Mate, in some Cases, Thirty-live Pounds a Year, and in others Thirty Pounds. The rest of the Crew have Fifteen Pounds a Year each. The Allowance for Victualling is Nine Pence a Day for each of the Crew, and One Shilling pe Lunar Month for each Person for Fire and Candle.

Brown.

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N' 24.

The Examination of Mr. John; taken upon Oath, April 5th, 8th, and 15th, and May loth, 1786.

This Examinant saith. That in the Account of the Produce of Seizures, and from Fines delivered to this Board, the Sum stated as remitted to the Receiver for London is the King’s Net Share arising from the Seizures in London, and paid into the Receiver’s Hands by the Warehouse-keeper.

The Payments out of the King’s Net Share in London, for Charges of Management, whether made by the Receiver for London, or the Out Ports, are for various Heads of Service, of which that for the Maintenance of the Cruisers is one; most of these Payments are, pursuant to the Orders of the Board, made by the Receiver for the Out Ports, and if the Fund in his Hands is insufficient to answer the Charges directed upon him, an Order is issued l»y the Board for his receiving Sums for that Purpose from the Receiver lor London: If the Receiver for London has not a sufficient Fund in his Hands, a like Order is made upon the Receiver General, for him to imprest such Sums as are wanted by the Receiver for the Out Ports. Since the Year 1781, the Charges of Management paid by the Two Receivers for Fines and Forfeitures in London ltave increased considerably. In the Year 1785, the Funds in the Hands of the Two Receivers having proved deficient, owing, as he apprehends, to the Act whereby the condemned Spirits were directed to be spilt, and to the other Acts whereby Smuggling has been checked, Sums to a very considerable Amount were imprested by the Receiver General to the Receiver for the Out Ports.

The Two Articles under the Heads of Allowances to Officers of the Customs, the one in the Account of Payments by the Receiver for London, the other in that of those by the Receiver for the Out Ports, consist of Salaries and Allowances to Officers in the Port of London, and should be included in the Returns of

those Officers to the Precept of this Board, for their Emoluments in that Year.

The Articles under the Title of Charges of Ma- Fifteenth nagement at the Out Ports consist principally of Payments made for the Maintenance of the Cruisers and ^"count^ Boats in the Service of the Customs: Regularly all the Charges of every Kind relative to that Service are paid out of the Fund arising from the King’s Net Share of Seizures. The Sums inserted in this Account include all the Payments made at each Port in the Year 1784, but they do not comprehend all the Expences incurred in that Year for the Maintenance of the Cruisers. The Expence of the established Cruisers is a regular Annual Charge, and the Accounts of the Expenditure relative to them are transmitted to his Office from the Out Ports Quarterly; but that of those upon Contract only takes Place from the Commencement of the Contract, and the Accounts in regard to them are not transmitted to his Office at regular Periods; and thence the Whole of the Expence incurred for the Service of these Cruisers for that Year is not comprehended in the Account.

In the Cruisers upon Contract, after the Gross Produce of the Seizure made by each Vessel has been legally divided, where the Share of the Seizing Officer amounts only to a Third, the Difference between that Third and a Moiety is, according to the Terms of that Species of Contract, made good to the Contractor, in order that the Amount of the Seizing Officer’s Share may be equal with the King’s Share; and such Payment, when the Account for the Contract Vessel is liquidated, is made by the Collector at the Out Port, under a Special Order of the Board, and is included in the Articles in the Column of Charges of Management, paid out of the King’s Net Share.

This Allowance to the Contractor is made in Consequence of his agreeing to defray Half the Charges incurred for the Maintenance of the Vessel; and if the Produce of the Seizures by her is insufficient to defray her Expences, be is bound to pay Half the Deficiency, which Payment is made to the Collector at the Port where she is stationed, and carried to the Account of the King’s Net Share.

The Sums paid into the Solicitor’s Hands, as Fines or Compositions upon Seizures, are, as he apprehends, scarcely ever subject to the Charges of Condemnation; and therefore in this Account, except in Two Articles, there is no Deduction from them under that Head.

Out of the King’s Share of Fines there are regularly paid Allowances to Officers of the Customs, which, with some trifling Charges, make the Sums inserted in that Column.

Upon examining the Books in his Office, he does not find that any Account has ever been delivered to Parliament of the Produce of Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures, for London and the Out Ports, with the various Payments for Charges of Management made out of that Produce, and the Payments into the Exchequer.

In° Bastin.

Rich1 Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt"Roe.

Vol. 42.

t Fifteenth Re port on Public Accounts*

128 26° Janu1787.

N* 25.

The Offices inserted in this Account are all upon the Establishment, and the Officers are appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs, in pursuance of Warrants from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, except the following Offices:

viz1.

The Surveyor at Newfoundland.

The Gauger and Tidewaiters at Halifax.

The Tide Surveyor and Tidewaiters at Quebec. And The Comptroller at Hole Town, in Barbadoes.

And those Officers are appointed by the Commissioners only, or by the Collectors at those Ports, in consequence of their Directions.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Annual Salaries and Allowances of the Officers of the Customs in the Plantations, for the Year 1784, distinguishing the Ports, and by what Authority the Officers are severally appointed.

Islands or Province*. Port*. OFFICERS, kc. Annual Salunes. Incidental Allowances.

Sterling. Sterling. I Currency.

Jamaica. Kingston Thomas Davison, Collector - Custom House Rent -Office for the Waiters -Hire of Negroes -Stationary - - - - -John J Fool frys, Comptroller -now John Dawson Wn Fentori, Land and Tide Surveyor now John M‘Allister John Me A Ulster, Five f now Hairy Burke, JV" Shaftoe, Landing Waiters 1 now Daniel Flcrwerdewe, I J John Johnson, D. / and Searchers, llob1 Ravenhill, now John Rousulette,. each, John Pidgley, 250 150 1120 j 80 go 80 I 80 1 80 10 no 25 43

Total of Kingston - - 1 1920 10 178

Savannah le Mar. Matthew Swiney, Collector -Custom House Rent Hire of Negroes -Stationary -George Murray, Comptroller - - - 1 Alex' Ouchterlony, Landing Waiter and Searcher 120 too 80 30 5

Total of Savannah le Mar 300 47 |

St. Lucea. Rob' Charles Dallas, Collector Custom House Rent Stationary -Th(f WilcocksRaker, Comptroller -John Cooper, Landing Waiter and Searcher 120 100 80 30 5

Total of St. Lucea 300 35 J

Montego Bay. Chw Hamilton, Collector - - - -Custom House Rent - - -Boat and Men - - - - I Stationary Zachary Allnutt, Comptroller - - - i William Robinson, Landing Waiter and Searcher 175 too 80 42 30 1

Total of Montego Bay - - < 155 77

2^ GeO. Ill*

%6° Januarii,

129

Islands

or

Provinces,

Ports.

Jamaica

continued.

Grenada.

Port Antonio.

OFFICERS, &c.

Annual

Salaries.

Incidental Allowances.

Sterling.

Sterling.

Fifteeutk Report on Public Accounts*

Currency.

S' Georges,

Craifler Greathead, D. Collector - -

Custom House Rent Boat and Men -

Stationary Sam1 Cator, Comptroller -T/to’ Morgan, Landing Waiter and Searcher

Total of Port Antonio \ -

General Total of Jamaica

John Mills 1, D. Collector, for himself and Clerks

Custom House Rent -

Boat and Men, payable out of the]

Fund arising from Fines and For- '

feitures - - - -

Hire of Negroes -

Stationary -

John Williams, Comptroller -

Duncan Forbes, Searcher -

A leaf Cooper, -] Four

Will' Rujlat, - - - - .

J 1 Waiters,

each

£. s. d. j £ s. d. I 120 —

30----1

30 -----1

5

100-----1

80 —

£. s. d.

300-----65----

-i

2,175-----264-----178

>35----

180 — — 150 -

30----

10

S' Vincent’s.

Total of S' George’s

Grenville That Alex' Vanderduffen, Collector, for himself and")

Harbour. Clerks -.....j\

Custom House Rent -Boat and Men (Allowance not yet] determined) -J

Hire of Negroe Stationary -Isaac Horsford, Comptroller -Jujlin M‘Carthy, Searcher

Samuel Mitchell,

John Rae, -

50 —

50----1

35 —

35----

35----

35----

375 ---->°----36o----

Four

Waiters,

each

135-----

— 100

18-----

7 ~ —

Dominica.

Roleau.

Total of Grenville Harbour General Total of Grenada

John Collate, Collector, for himself and Clerks Custom House Rent Boat and Men -

Hire of Negroe -

Stationary -Samuel Efdaile, Comptroller -

Charles Ashxvell, Searcher -

Total of S' Vincent’s

Henry Grove, Collector, for himself and Clerks Custom House Rent Boat and Men -Hire of Negroe Stationary -S' Joseph Senhonfe, Comptroller John Gillon, Land and Tide Surveyo?

Ben). Lucas,

Andw Somerville,

Rd Wells, Junr

]Vm Watkins, Land and Tide Surveyor at Prince] Rupert’s Bay ----- -J

50-----1

50 —

35-----1

35 ~ ‘

35-----1

3d "i

375 ,----

750 -

>35-----

50 —

50----

235 -----1

125-----

135-----

120 — —

130 — ~

10-----

360----

30 —

2O0-----

200----1

Three Landing Waiters and Searchers, each

Total of Dominica - £.

V01. 4‘2.

100 — —

120 — —

80----

80----1

80----

120-----

100 —

130 —

10-----

780----

30----

30----

240

— 30----

130

a6* Jamarii.

A. 1787*

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Islands

or

Provinces.

New-

foundland}

Ports.

OFFICERS, &c.

Bahamas. —

Bermuda. S‘George’s.

Nova

Scotia.

Halifax.

Rick1 Routh, Collector -

Custom House Rent -Stationary -

Dewes Coke, Comptroller -

Peter MKie, Surveyor, and to keep a Boat and

Men.....-

For Weighing and Gauging -

Total of Newfoundland

Robert Hunt, Collector -Custom House Rent Stationary -John Morifon, Comptroller -

Jri Mubryne Tat nail, Waiter and Searcher, andli to keep a Boat and Two Men - - -j)

Total of Bahamas

Annual

Salaries.

Sterling.

Incidental Allowances.

r-

200-----

50----

Sterling.

Currency.

250 -

£s s. d.

20-----

5---- i

50-----1

7 10 -

82 10 —

70 —

50-----1

65----

12----

4 -

>85-----

16-----1

Canada. Quebec.

Robert Trail, D. Collector -now Duncan Stewart

Incidental Allowances not yet de-] termined - - - -J

Copeland Stilts, Comptroller -

Waiter and Searcher at West End -Will" Foot, Waiter and Searcher at George Town

Total of Bermuda

Henry Newton, Collector -Custom House Rent Fuel - -

Stationary -John Slaytei', Comptroller -John Newton, Surveyor -Weigher and Gauger For Weighing 6d. Gauging 3 </. and Examining,-) 6d. per Calk ----- -j

f Two Tide ")

1 Waiters, each J and if. 6d. per Day each, when employed.

30----

30----

30 — -30-----

120----

60

50 —

50----

30-----1

25----

25----

Island of St. John’s.

Total of Halifax

Thai AinJHe, Collector -

Custom House Rent at Quebec Ditto, at Montreal -

Fuel....

Stationary -

Boat and Men (Allowance not yet deter-"|J mined.) -

{3 d. per Puncheon 1 i per Hogshead i per Quarter Calk Tho' Scott, Comptroller -

) Two Waiters and / Searchers, each Tide Surveyor "1 Two Tide Waiters,

J each

and 1 s.6d. per Day each, when employed. John Hay, Surveyor at Montreal -

Waiter and Searcher at Montreal

240----

100-----

20 —

’:==i

34 —

30 —

12 —

j==i

-j

Total at Canada

Will" Tmnfend, Collector -

Incidental Allowances not yet settled.

Total of the Island of St. John’s - £.

70-----

60-----

60 — —

2.5----

20-----

20 — —

70-----

60-----

485----

50----

51-----

50----

The

b

res.

Hey,

37 Geo. III.

26* Januarii.

131

The Salaries and Incidental Allowances to the several Officers in the under-mentioned Islands are paid out of the Duty of One Half per Cent. collected there, viz*. Barbadoes, Antigua, St Christopher s, Montserrat, Nevis, and Tortola.

Islands or

Provinces.

Barbadoes, The Leeward Islands, &c. &c.

Port*.

OFFICERS, &c.

Annual

Salaries.

Incidental Allowances.

Sterling.

Slerling.

Barbadoes.

fWm. Senhouse, Surveyor General For a Clerk For Travelling Charges Stationary

£. s. d.\ £. d. 400 — — [

50 So

6

Currency.

Total of the Allowance, See. to the Surveyor General - - - - I 530----1 6

Bridge Town.J Jos. Keeling, Collector, for himself and Clerks

Custom House Rent -

Stationary -

Two Negroes for the Store -

Three D° for the Boat

For a Gauger -

Zachary Stephens, Comptroller - - - 1 ] 20 —

Henry Fowke,\T S h each. . 1 75-----

Alex' Malet, jlw0 searchers, each- "j l ______

250----1 —

105-----

10 — -

£. s.

30----

45----

25----

Four

Waiters,

each

lOistins.

{Hole Town.

Edztf Worrell, -Wm Wentworth,

Giles Tennant,

Thd Monteth

25/. per Ann. more to each of the Waiters, for acting as Aid Searchers -Two Negroes to each of the Waiters, to attend the Shipping Wharfs, at 15/. Currency per Ann. each Negro -

f One at

To the Collector, to provide Four Watermen

50-----1

50 —

50-----1

50----

«oo —

Three each

Total of Bridge Town

Nicholas Turner, Collector

Custom House Rent Negroe Hire Stationary -Rich4 Atkins, Comptroller

Total of Oiftins -

30-----

II 25 "

25-----

25-----

825-----

Thd Woolford, Collector -

Custom House Rent, and Negroe"!

jSpeights.

Hire Stationary -

Anthony Smith, Comptroller -

Total of Hole Town -

Chet Kyd, Collector -

Custom House Rent Negroe Hire -Stationary -Alear Graham, Comptroller -H’ Chet Bridges, D. Waiter and Search' -

Total of Speights

Total of the Allowance, to the Surv' Gen1,

from above -

General Total of Barbadoes - £

62 10 —

50----

215----

5----

112 10 —

87 10 —

120 — -s_

220 -

18----

18 15 — -

36 15 ~

38----

5 —

50----

87 10 —

53 2

50-----

53 2 6

156 5 —

530 -

93----

5 — —

40 — -

15----

55 —

6 —

*»7*1 5

324 -

Vol. 42.

31 15 —

Antigua.

Fifteenth Report on Public Account*

133 26° Januariu 1787.

Fifteenth

Report Islands oj on Public Prownces Ports* OFFICERS, &c. Annual Salaries. Incidents Allowances,

Accounts.

Sterling, Sterling. Currency.

£. s. . £. s. d . £. s. d.

Antigua. S' John’s. Samuel 'Martin, Collector, for himself and Two

Clerks ----- 135 165

Custom Bouse Rent -

Boat and Men - 100 — —

Negroes to attend the Scales, &c. - . - 100 — —

Stationary ----- - 12 — —

TV. Jervis, Comptroller - 50

TV" Entwistle, Searcher - 40

James Erwin - - - - 1 Three 1 35

Rich TVright - - - - > Waiters, < 35 -r —

J each. ( 35

Waiter at Bermudian Valley - 35

John Wilkinson, D* at Falmouth - - 35

D° at Old Road - 35

Henry Symes D° at Willoughby Bay 35

Jit Dcarman Fletcher, D* at Fort Extra - 35

Total of S'Johns - 1 1 c 12 — j 365

Parham. Sam Auchinleck, Collector - - - 8o 60

Custom House Rent ..

Ne^roe Hire - - -For a Clerk ----- 37 10 — 30

Stationary - - 5 — —

Samuel Quinccy, Comptroller - 50 %

1 Two Waiters, / 35

J each t 35

Total of Parham - 200 — — ! O ph c* ! 90

General Total of Antigua - 1 1 '-O - o 54 10 — 455

S' Chris- Bafle

phers. Terre. John Hunt, Collector - 80

For a Clerk - - 40

Custom House Rent - Boat and Men - - - 100 100

Stationary - Four Negroes to attend the Scales, 12

&c. 100 — - —

Chat Ekcroth Male, Comptr - - - - 50

TV" Brazier, Searcher - 37 io —

now TV. Brazier, Jun'

TV"Brazier, Jun' - - ] , now Edward Brazier I wo ai ers> { John Smith - - -J each I 35 35

John Ash, Waiter and Searcher at Old Road 40

Waiter at Palmete Point - 35

John Julius, D® at Half Moon Bay - 35

Total of Bafle Terre - 347 io — 152 200 — —

Sandy

Point. Henry Bennett, Collector - 8o

For a Clerk - - . _ 40

Custom House Rent - - 40

Store Rent at Deep Bay 20

Boat and Men - 62 10 —

Stationary - " 5

William Phipps, Comptroller - 50

i W" Shaw - - - 1 Two Waiters and f 35

J Searchers, each [ 35

Waiter at White Flag Bay 35

Waiter at Deep Bay 35

Total of Sandy Point - i i 1 1 o c* 1 O PH

General Total of S' Christopher’s - 617 10 — 319 i° — 200 — —

47 Geo. Ill

46° Januarii.

Islands

or

Provinces.

Ports.

Nevis

Montfer-

ratt.

Tortola

OFFICERS, &c.

John Nelson, D. Collector -now Walter Nesbitt.

Custom House Rent -Negroe Hire -Stationary -

Store Rent at James Town -John Menzies, Comptroller -James Nesbitt, Searcher -now John Decent.

}Two Waiters, I each 1

Waiter at Newcastle -D° at Morton’s Bay

Total of Nevis - -

AlafGordon, Collector, for himself and Clerk -Custom House Rent *

Boat and Men -Two Negroes to attend the Scales -One D° to watch the Custom House -Stationary -Cooperage on Rum -

Abraham Lloyd, Comptroller -Sam. Webb Stone, Searcher -

Jos. Keeling, Waiter at Old Road -

D° at Plymouth -

now Sam. Lloyd.

D* at Carr’s Bay -

Annual

Salaries.

Sterling.

JL

150-----

16 iy 6

50----

37 10 —

35 — *-35 — —

35----

35----

Total of Montferratt - - £.

John Nugent, Collector -

For a Clerk -. Custom H° Rent -2 Negroes to attend the Scales 1 D° to watch the Custom House Stationary -Rob' Hunter, Comptroller, -

Mich! M‘Namara, Waiter at Road Town

Total of Tortola - - «£

394 7 6

Fifteenth

Incidental Allowances.

on Public Accounts.

Sterling.

£. s. d.

50----

5----

10----

Currency.

65----

97 10 —

50----

35----

35----

35----

35----

287 10 —

40----

80 — 40 — 20 —

5 — 7 15

152 15 —

50

35

125 —

35----

loo----

24 5 —

1226 5 — -

£. s. d.

30-----

30-----

176 7 6

M m

TOTAL

Fifteenth Report on Public Accountfl.

134

2 6° Januarii. A. 1787.

TOTA L of the Gross Ahntial Salaries and Allowances of the Officers of the Customs in the Plantations, for the Year 1784 (except those Islands subject to the One Half per Cent. Duty) j distinguilliing the several Ports.

Islands or Provinces* P 0 RTS. Annual Salaries. Incidental Allowances.

Sterling. / Sterling. A. Currency. _ M

£. s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

Jamaica - - - Kingston - - - - 920 — — 10 178

Savannah la Mar - - 300 47

St. Lucea - - - 300 35

% Montego Bay - m mm - - 355 77

Port Antonio - - - 300 65

Grenada - - - St. George’s - - - 375 10 360

Grenville Harbour - - - 375 125 *

St. Vincent’s - 235 260 1 — — 30

Dominica - - 780 — , — 240 — — 30

Newfoundland - - 2 .'JO 82 to —

Bahama - - - „ - - - - 185 16

Bermuda - - - . - - 120

Nova Scotia - - - Halifax - > - - 240 34

Canada - - 483 51

Bland of St. John’s - - - - 50

£ .5,270 1,052 10 — 5yS

TOTAL of the Gross Annual Salaries and Allowances of the Officers of the Custotm in the Plantations^ where the One Half per Cent. Duty is collected; distinguishing the several Ports.

- £ s. d. £. s. d. £. d.

Barbadoes - - - - Bridge Town (including the Surv' Gen1)- G355 221 220 — —

Oiftins ---- 112 10 — 5 36 15 —

Hole Town - 87 10 — 93

Speights - - 156 5 — 5 ‘ 55

Antigua - - - - St. John’s 505 12 36.5

Parham - - - - 200 42 10 — 9°

St. Christopher’s - - Bafle Terre 347 10 — 152 200 — —

Sandy Point - 270 167 10 —

Nevis - - - - 394 7 6 65

Montferratt - - - ---- 287 10 — 152 15 — 30

Tortola - - - 125 176 7 6

£. 3,840 12 6 1,092 2 6 . 996 15 —

Total of the Gross A nnual Salaries, and Allowances, where the

4} per Cent. Duty is not collected - 5,270 1,052 10 — 1 1 00

Total of the Gross Annual Salaries and Allowances, where the

4| per Cent Duty is collected - 3,840 12 6 1,092 2 6 996 15 —

General Total of the Gross Annual Salaries and Allow-"!

ances of the Officers of the Customs in the Plantations, 9,110 12 6 2,144 12 6 i,594 15 —

for the Year 1784 J

Custom H’, London, John Swainson,

4 July, 1786. Plantation Clerk in the Secretary’s Office.

o

o

o

FT

i 1 i

liii

i i

i i

i’J ’ I

C/=i

Jr

GO

O

tQ

N8 2 6.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Amount of the Duties anting in the Plantations, and of the Charges of Management, and of the Net Produce thereof, for the Year 1784 .

distinguishing the several Ports, and the Charges paid by the Receiver General, from the other Charges.

ISLANDS or PROVINCES. PORTS. Gross Receipt. Charges of Management paid at the Port Charges of Management paid by the Receiver General in England. Total of Payments. Net Produce. Deficiencies of the Receipt to answer the Payments.

£. s. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Jamaica - - - - - Kingllon - - - 1,960 4 2 253 7 3f 723 17 6 977 4 94 982 19 4f

Montego Bay - - - 58 >7 5 . 99 8 3 250 349 8 3 ... 290 10 10

St. Lucea m - - 18 10 if 35 15 6f 390 425 15 6} 407 5 5*

Savannah la Mar - mm m - - 2 8 4 100 5 8 300 400 5 8 - 397 17 4

Port Antonio - - - 2 12 8 64 16 114 330 394 16 11} - 392 4 3t

Barbadoes - - - Bridge Town - - - 553 11 4 553 11 4

Hole Town - -

Speights -

Oiftins - - .

Antigua - - St. John’s - - - 188 4 8 43 2 i| - to >45 2 6f

Parham - - - — 4 54 — 4 5i

St. Kitt’s - Basseterre m m - - 353 3 2i - - - 353 3 2f

Sandy Point * m - - 34 4 >>t 34 4 u f

Montserrat 85 10 7 3 >3 4 - 3 >3 4 81 17 3

33 6 8 33 6 8

Tortola

Kewfoundland - - 223 7 1 99 4 8f PH N OO N 577 >> 9i 354 4 8}

Grenada - - St. George’s' - - - 13l >5 287 >8 9! - 287 18 9} - 156 3 5i

Grenville Harbour - - 88 14 2 141 — 4 - 141 — 4 ... 52 6 2

S' Vincent’s - 84 16 4I 148 18 5f 22 7 6 >7* 5 > >4 ... 86 9 61

Dominica 567 >3 of 262 18 11} 360 15 4 623 14 3} - - 56 1 if

Bahama - - - - T - . 81 16 6 81 16 6

Bermuda 272 n 1} - ... - 272 11 if

Nova Scotia - - Halifax - - - 368 8 10} 33J 9 >>f - 33> 9 1> f 36 18 11

Sl Johns islands 67 8 11 - 67 811 -- 67 811

Quebec - - >94 19 lOf 505 16 8* - 505 16 8f - 310 16 9f

5,305 1 -i 2,445 5 1 > 2,855 7 5 5,300 13, 4f 2,575 16 4 2,57' 8 7f

DeduQ: Deficiency exceeding the Receipt 2,57i 8

Arrears paid for Services which had accrued at the under-mentioned Ports,

previous to their being ceded by the last Treaty of Peace. Net Produce of all the Ports - 4 7 8}

West Florida - - 'Pensacola — - . ... 23 9 7 I 23 9 7 — . _ 23 9 T

Tobago 122 6 4 122 6 4 122 6 4'

S' Lucia Island - - - m m - - - m - 66 0 660 - 660

3,661 3 4 6,106 9 3} 805" 15 11

ks>

<1

O

w

»o

s

22d June 1786.

li iu tfW j IOI lliC llvv v/ClUW CM«

Jos" Powell, for the Comptr Gen1.

J. Dailey, IP Supervisor of the Rec' Gen*’* Payments;

tn.

F;

?ir

a* 3

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts*

6° Januarii,

N* *7.

*£1787.

N* 2&

The Examination of Mr. John Timothy;

taken upon Oath, July 3d, 5th, 7th, and 10th, 1786.

The Examination of Mr. Potvell; taken

upon Oath, June 27th, July 7th, 10th, and 22d, 1786.

This Examinant faith, That the Account delivered by him to this Board contains all the Officers of the Customs in the Plantations for the Year 1784, both in the Islands and at the American Ports. The Officers belonging to the 4$ per Cent. I Hands, are distinguished in this Account, because the Salaries and Allowances

This Examinant faith, That in the Account of the Gross Amount of the Duties arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of Management, the Grols Receipt in the Plantations includes not only the Produce of the Duties collected, but also what ariles from the King’s Net Share of Seizures and Fines: This Share, and the

received by them, whether in England, of the Husband of the 4% per Cent, or at the Ports, of the Collectors, are not paid out of the Produce of the Customs, but out of that of the 4! per Cent. Duty. The Incidental Allowances in this Account are Annual, and fixed by the Board of Customs, in order to enable the Officers to provide themselves with the Articles set opposite the Sums in that Column: These Incidental Allowances, except in the same of the Custom House Rent at Bermuda, were paid at the Port; by a Regulation of the Year 1785, they are to be paid there, if the growing Receipt of Duties is sufficient; and if not, a Certificate thereof is to be transmitted to the Board by the Collector and Controller of the Port, and an Order is to be made to the Receiver General to pay them. In the Year 1784 all the Officers upon the Establishment at those Islands not subject to the Cent. Duty, as well as the Collectors and Controllers, were paid their Salaries by the Receiver General: By the Regulation of the above-mentioned Date, the Collectors and Controllers only are to receive their Salaries in England', but if the Produce of the Duties at the Port be not sufficient to pay the Salaries of the inferior Officers, a Certificate thereof is, in like Manner, to be transmitted from the Port, and their Salaries to be paid by the Receiver General.

The Salaries to the Officers in this Account are paid out of the Custom Revenue, though the Annual Sums due to them have not all been received within the Year: The Payment of the Salaries to some of the Officers has been flopped by Order of the Board, for Non-transmission of their Accounts, or other Causes; and in some Cafes, their Attornies in England have neglected to apply for them. Some of the Allowances are made in Sterling, others in the Currency of the respective Islands.

The Officers of the Customs in the Plantations are authorized to take Fees by several Acts of Parliament. In a Memorial of the West India Merchants, in the Year 1785, made to the Treasury, and referred to the Board of Customs, it is, among other Matters, stated, That Redrefe is necessary, respecting the Island Custom House Officers who should exact more than the Amount of the established Fees, for Dispatch Money, or on other Pretences; and that such as shall by any Means require, take, or receive, more than the established Fees, or cause any unnecessary Delay to Shipping, should be immediately proceeded against. The above Memorial was, by an Order of the Board, of the 2ift of January last, referred to the Collector and Controller at every Port in the West India Islands, to report thereupon.

The Salaries to the Officers in the Plantations are not subject to any Payment brought to public Account, except that the Officers in the 4f per Cent. Islands pay the Civil List Duty.

There are at present Three American Ports not included in this Account, New Port Roseway,

and Cape Breton; these Ports were established in the Year 1785, and the Incidental Allowances for them are not yet adjusted.

J Timothy Swainson.

Sam>Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond, war. Roe.

Payments out of it, are kept distinct in the Account transmitted by the Collector to the Controller General. The Sums inserted in the Column of Charges paid at the Port consist of Salaries and Allowances to the inferior Officers, and all other Contingent Expences incurred at the Port: Some of these Allowances are in Sterling, and feme in the Currency of the Island; those in Currency are in this Account reduced into Sterling Money, from the Certificate of the Governor upon the Account, ascertaining the Value of the Currency for each Quarter.

The Collectors and Controllers, and all Officers at the Plantations upon the Establishment, in the Islands not subject to the 4-{- per Cent. Duty, in the Year 17S4 received their Salaries in England from the Receiver General; and all the Collectors and Controllers in the Plantations are, by a late Regulation, not entitled to receive their Salaries, which are paid Half Yearly, until the Accounts of the Receipts and Ditburfcments at their respective Ports, for the Two Quarto's in that Half Year, are transmitted to the Commissioners of the Customs.

In those Ports where the Receipt falls ffiort of the Expenditure at the Port, the Collector niuft either advance himself the Money necessary to defray the Expences, or he must transmit a Certificate to the Board, in order that the Payments may be made in;

and he cannot receive the Balance due to him until he has produced proper Vouchers and Receipts for all the Sums charged in this Account

In the Islands subject to the 4f per Cent. Duty, all the Payments to the Officers of the Customs, and for Contingent Charges, are made out of the Produce of that Duty, except that at the Island of Montserrat Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, a Proportion of the Fee to the Governor, upon the Collector’s swearing to his Account, is regularly paid out of the Customs.

The Article inserted as a Payment at St. Johns, Antigua (likewise one of the 4l per Cent. Islands) is an accidental Charge paid out of Seizures.

The Account of the Grols Amount of the Duties arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of Management, and of the Net Produce, includes the Sums actually received and paid in the Year 1784. The Sum paid by the Receiver General into the Exchequer, on Account of the Plantation Duties in that Year, arose from the Collection of former Years, which had either not been remitted to him, or, if remitted, not converted into Calli till that Year; and from the Duties transmitted from the Plantations in that Year, but not applied by the Receiver General to the Charges of Management on Account of the Plantations, most of those Charges in England not been paid out of the Produce of the Plantation Duties, but out of that of the Customs collected in England.

The Accounts of the Duties received, and the Payments out of them in the Plantations, have never been passed in the Exchequer, but by the Controller General, under the Authority of the Board of Customs: They were not made out in such a Manner as to be admissible, according to the Forms of the Exchequer. The Accounts have within these Two or Three Years been put upon such a Footing that they might go through the Exchequer, if the Balances depending

06 could

kcn and 21

it of the mtation?, Receipt e of the e King's and the Account General. paid at to the xpences ices are Island; 'td into iovemot urrtncv

icers at lllamls rr i;m tecciver; in the itled to Yearly, llmtnti in that :of the

of the either le Ex-Hoard, "Jd'J; ntil he all toe

ty, a'l nd W

uce ci Three *opcr-.ctors if the

h b aa

)u‘b

111-

5oUi>

Sum

;oa

ircie

iite

con*

otie?

not

sot

tot

trie

tot

ay-

eca

ne*

ns:

be

ief.

315

eO

k

a

21 Geo. III. 26 Jan. 137

could be admitted at any given Period: Those Balances are now open for more than a Century. If the Balances were taken at any Period, and hereafter found erroneous, the Collectors might be surcharged with the Sums due to the Crown, and have Credit for the Sums due to them.

In the Accounts presented to Parliament, it has not been the Practice for the Controller General to include the Gross Receipt at the Plantations, nor the Charges of Management paid there, but only the Sum brought

to Account by the Receiver General, and the Charges Fifteenth on Account of the Plantations paid in England. By ^ne|purJi c the above-mentioned Regulation of the Board of Cus- Account*, toms, the Gross Receipt, and the Payments at the Plantations, might be included in the Controller General’s Account.

Jos*

A. PiggoU,

Geo. Drummond,

Will"Hoe.

N* 29.

An ACCOUNT of the Poundages and Allowances to Officers of the Customs, out of the Gross Produce of Seizures, in the Year 1784.

To the Officers at the Out Ports -To the Officers in London - 4,819 1 5.370 10 4 9* 10,189 12 11

An ACCOUNT of the Salaries and Allowances to Officers of the Customs, out of the King’s Net Share

of the Produce of Seizures and Fines, in the Year 1784.

To the Officers at the Out Ports - - - - a c - - Nil.

To the Officers in London - A A u 4,399 5 5 4,399 5 5 i

8th April 1786. Jit , Account*.

N* 30.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Sum paid by the Receiver General of the Customs into the Receipt of

His Majesty's Exchequer, for the Year 1784.

Paid into the Exchequer, for England Scotland The Plantations £3,251,090 2 31 60,000 5,063 6 —

4 f per Cent - 3,3i6,i53 8 3i 10,485 15 81

J. Mills, for the Receiver General.

N° 31.

The Examination of Mr. George Litchfield; taken upon Oath, November zd 1785.

This Examinant saith, That as Solicitor for carrying on Criminal Prosecutions in the Customs, and to recover Debts due on Bonds, and to prosecute Appeals, he receives from Time to Time, by Imprests either upon the Receiver General or the Receivers for Fines and Forfeitures, Sums of Money to defray the Expences of the Prosecutions, of which he passes his Account with the Auditor of the Solicitor’s Accounts; he receives for these Purposes no other Money out of the Revenue of the Customs. The Penalties recovered he pays by Order of the Board of Customs, either into the Exchequer, or into the Hands of the Receivers for Vox.. 42.

Fines and Forfeitures; the Debts he recovers he pays, either by the Orders of the Board, or of the Court of Exchequer, into the Exchequer, or into the Hands of the Receiver General, or of the Receivers for Fines and Forfeitures: Sometimes, where Sums are recovered in consequence of Proceedings carried on by him, the Court of Exchequer direct the Officers, or Persons in whose Hands those Sums are, to pay them into the Exchequer, without passing through the

Hands of the Solicitor. G. Litchfield.

T. Anguish, A. Piggott, Richd Weave,

Sam1 Beachcrof Geo. Drummond

WillmRoe.

Nn

138

z6* Januaril

A. 1787

FifWnth Report on t'ublic Accounts.

N" 32.

In Obedience to the Order of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, 1 beg Leave to report,

That in the Year 1784 there was recovered and paid by me into the Exchequer, in virtue of an Order of that Court, in Part of a Debt due from Samuel Churchill to Thomas Do ing, the Crown's Debtor -

There has been also paid by me into the Exchequer the Sum of £.40, being His Majesty's Moiety of a Penalty recovered against Richard und Thomas Alorley - -

£115

£ 40

I-155

G. Litchfield,

10 Nov. 1785.

N" 33-

The Excmination of Mr. George Litchfield; takeri upon Oath, May 9th, and August 3d, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That the only Authorities* by Act of Parliament that he knows of, under which die Officers of the Customs at the Out Ports take Fees, are the Tables made out pursuant to the Order of the House of Commons of the Year 1662, and particular Acts, whereby Fees are allowed to be taken by certain. Officers specified therein for particular Services, at particular Ports; these last are very few in Number: The rest of the Fees taken by the Officers at the Out Ports are, as he apprehends, grounded solely upon Usage.

By a printed Order of the Board of Customs, of August the loth, 1716, founded upon an Address of the House of Commons to the Crown, respecting Fees, and enforced by an Order of that Board, of April 12th, 1776, it is enjoined, That in every Office of the Customs, where ancient, just, and legal Fees are taken, an exact Table thereof, signed by the proper Officers, shall be hung up, and that no other Fees shall be taken; and that in every Office where no Fee is taken, a Paper, containing a Declaration thereof, shall be set up for public View.

Under the Act of William the Third, the Officers are empowered to take Compensations for extra Service; and he knows of no other legal Authority for that Species of Reward.

G> Litchfield.

A. Piggott,

MichdNeave,

Gto. Drummond,

Will« Roe.

N* 34-

FEES and Allowances doe and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs and Subsidies, in thd

Port of Bristol, and the Members and Creeks belonging thereto.

Rates of Fees Inwards, to be paid by the Merchants free of the Hall, to the Officers, to be

divided as formerly.

BRISTOL:

For the Presentment of every Ship or Barke, with Bond to permit the Officers aboard -

For every Entry and Warrant, English ——

For every Return to a Coast Cocquet ——

For every Bill of View, with Return ——

For Entry of a Barke from Port to Port -

For Entry of the Goods -

For all Sorts of Certificates ——

For all Bonds taken for His Majesty’s Use -

For examining every Foreign-built Ship, whether belonging to Aliens; giving the Master a Certificate of his being cleared; registering and returning up a Duplicate of the said Certificate to London ——

For the Waiter’s Fee for endorsing every Cocquett -

For the Waiter’s Fee on every Warrant ——

£ * d. ----6

----4

----- 4

-----4

-----6

Rates

m -

27 Geo. III. a6° Januarii.

Rates of Fees to be paid by all not free of the Merchants Hall in the Port of Bristol:

For the Presentment of every Ship or Barke not belonging to the City, but English For the Bond to permit the Officers aboard -

For every Entry and Warrant, English -

For all Sorts of Certificates -

For Return to a Coast Cocquet -

For Entry of a Vessel from Port to Port ——

For Entry of Goods -

For all Bonds that shall be taken for His Majesty’s Use

For the Presentment of every Alien’s Ship, with Bond ....

For every Stranger’s Warrant -

Aliens to pay double Fees.

Signed by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 17th May 1662.

E* Turner.

Ex4 Johan Sharpe.

*3 9

Fifteenth Report . , on Public

*> " Accounts.

— I 6

— 1 6

— — 4

_ 1 4

— 6 8

— 2 —

Rates of Fees Outwards, to be peud from all that are free of the Merchants Hall in Bristol

For Entry of every Vessel and Presentment ——

For a Bond to permit the Officers aboard -

For every Cockett ——

For endorsing every Man’s Cocquett for Goods transported by Licence -For every Cocquett with Bond from Port to Port ——

For fileing the Certificate in Discharge of the Bond - -

All Goods except Skins, laden for One Man’s Account, in One Bottom, to be comprized in One

Coquett, for the Fee 2 s.2d.; when Allowance is made for Goods lost at Sea, One Coqqet to pass for each Man’s Goods, although of several Qualities, the usual Fee of l*. 2d.

All Goods in Partnership, under One Mark, to be comprized in One Warrant

— 6 — 6

1 2

— 4

2 6

— 4

3

1

Rates of Fees Outwards, to be paid by all not free of the Merchants Hall in Bristol:

For the Entry and Presentment of a Vessel from beyond the Seas -

For a Warrant -

For a Gloucester Let Pass ——

For a Let Pass down Severh -

For an English Warrant ——

For a Warrant of Skins and Butter -

For a Double Cocquet - -

For an Endorsement -

For a Port Cocquet -

For a Double Cocquet ——

For a Bill of Health -

For a Warrant of Cloth, Blanketting, and Hops -

For a Warrant for Ireland, that are not free of Bristol -

For an Entry of a Vessel from Port to Port -

For Presentment of an Alien’s Ship ——

Forcleexing of an Alien Ship -

For an Alien Warrant ——

For clearing a Ship with Bond without Ordnance -

For clearing a Ship with Bond with Ordnance -

For an Affidavit ——

For telling of Skins, the Dicker -----7-

— 3r

— 1 4

— 2 S

— l 8

— 2 6

--- IS

— 4 —

— 8 —

— 5 —

— 3 —

— 36

---4

— 6 8

— 4 —

— 3 4

— 16

— 26

— 2 6

Ex4 W. C.

JV Goldsborough,

-Cler. Dom. Com.

Custom House, London, 5th August 1785.

I do hereby certify that the aforegoing is a true'Copy of the Entry made in the Books in myi Office, of the Original Table of Fees for the Port of Bristol, and Members, as transmitted by the Principal Officers at that Port, on the 7th September 1709.

dV. Stiles, Secretary.

Vol. 48.

BRISTOL

it

g

eg'

i — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

rT

u

Port of Bristol.

BRISTOL — HEAD PORT.

An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks, distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose

Use such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent l ees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards (Foreign) -

and belongs to Bristol, and the Report wrote on One Side any other Place, - D* ----- Ttvo Sides

D°

D8

D°

D8

D°

D8

D8

Three D° -D°

Four D° -

D8

Report on an IIolyday (extra) -

if the Manifest is made out by the Clerks, at the Request of the Merchant -

Copies of a Ship’s Report Inwards, when bound to another Port with Part of her Cargo -

Knlry of a Ship Outwards, a Foreigner -

to America -

British Plantations -Ireland -a British Ship to any other Place Report of a Ship Outwards, a Foreigner - I -

to the British Plantations, with Guns

IP - - without Guns

not - - I)* - - with Gmis -

IP - - without Guns

to Ireland -

in Ballast (a British Ship) -on a I Iolyday, or after the fixed Hours of Business Writing Reports Outwards, of One Side -I)8 - - to Ireland, and the Ships in Ballast if more than One Side, for every Side

a Second Clearance on the Report Outwards Bill of 1 Iealth, or Fishing Certificates -

Victualling Bill ——

Ship’s Register -

1>" - if on Parchment -

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

14 2

6 0

7 <3

8 — 8 —

9 — 9 — 10 —

2 6

8 to 8 10 6 6 2 4

5 4 7 6

0 —

4 0 4 0

O

— 1 ()

— 26

— 5 — 2

G

For the Use of what Officers,

— 3

r Customer Inwards. Customer Outwards. Comptroller.. Searcher. Patent King’s Waiter.

/ \ r \ / / \ v

Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy

Patent. and Patent. and Patent. and Patent. and Patentees.

8 Clerks. Clerks. Clerks. Clerks.

CO VO 1 — 2 6 — 5 —

— 1 — — 26 — 3 —

— 1 — — 26

— 1 — 0

— 1 — — 5 — — 3 —

2 6

- 2 — 6 8 3 — 22

- - — 1 — - ... — 7 10

- - — 2 4 . 8 — 3 0

- - - - — 1 — - - — 1 4

- - — 1 — - . _ . — 44

- - — 2 8 — 2 6 — 1 4

2 0 10 — 2 —

- 1 — 2f) 6 — 3 —

— 2 0 10

- - 1 — 2 (i 0

1 . _ _ 1 - 1 -

- 3 6 ... — 3 6

- 9

... 6

— > 3 . — 1 3 !

— r 5 —

... - 11 - — — 7 — 1 6

— 1 — — 2 6 1 - — — 6

1 — 5 ' 1 " — G

4*

o

ko

os

o

k

OO

rl-r -: I L -L-j= -H J

g

eg'

— K

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

FT

o

t-1

For every Ship’s Register endorsed -

D° - entered, granted at any other Port -Coast Sufferance Inwards per Cocket, from the Eastward, or on this Side the Holms, without Permit to discharge - -

I)0 with Permit -

D# - - from the Westward, or on the other side of the

Holms, under 40 Tons, with Permit to discharge above D° - -D°

Transire or Let Pass from the Eastward, or on this Side the Holms, without Permit to discharge with Permit to discharge Westward, or on the other Side the Holms, under 40 T ons, with Permit D® -above 40 Tons, I)0 ——

Return or Certificate to cancel C’cast Bonds given at the Port of Loading - -

Additional Cocket or Let Pass, each -

Permit to discharge Wool Coastways, or Special Sufferance to land at an unlawful Quay ——

Permit to discharge any Coasting Vessel granted on an Holyday (extra) Return, if the Cocket has been dated Six Months (extra)

Second Return, when the First is lost or mislaid Coast Cocket or Transire endorsed, when Part of the Goods is carried to another Port -

Vessel entering out Coastwise -Cocket round Land -

other Cocket -

Transire above the Holms, Gloucester -

Chepstow and Newport Cardiff -

below the Holms - -

Return to cancel a Bond -

Special Sufferance for shipping Goods Coastwise - -

Permit to depart the Port in Ballast, arriving Coastwise D° ---- from Foreign Parts, and

going Coastwise ——

Certificate Sufferance, and Copy for Wine and other Goods, if made out by the Clerks at the Request of the Shipper -

N.B. The Shipper generally bringing them ready prepared for signing, when no Charge is made.

N. B. It has been usual for some of the Masters of the constant Traders to pay twice a Year, which is at each Fair, for extra Trouble and Attendance, and which has been paid Time immemorial, from 2/6 to 4/6 each.

2 —

1 —

— 8

1 2

1 6

2 —

1 8

2 2

2 2

2 8

3 ~

l —

— 6 1 — — 6 3 —

1 —

— 10 6 10

5 4

2 —

2 6

3 6 5 —

— 4

— 6 1 —

2

- 6

— 1

— 6

— 6

l —

----.6

----6

— 6 1 — — 6

----4

— 28

— 28

----- ioj

-----10,

— 1 8t

— 1 8

-----4

-----8

— 6

2 6

1 —

— 4

— 10

— 8

2 2

— 6

1 —

2 6

— 6

1 4

1 4

5t

5-f

— 10

— 10

L5

si

O

M

O

----4

----4

Os

o

>§ »a

8 — -3

S e s q f n P*

O

o

o

7T

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Entry Inwards (except Tobacco Bonded) on Account of a Person not free of the Merchants Hall in this City, if above the Value of Five Pounds -

free D° ——

N. B. Entries Inwards or Outwards, wherein several Merchants are concerned, the Practice is to receive for only Two Thirds of the Number Inwards; suppose 12, to take for 8 -

For every Entry Inwards for Tobacco Bonded -and filling up Tobacco Bond -

Ifmade out by the Deputies and their Clerks -in the Customer

Inwards and Comptroller’s Offices 1

6

Tobacco not bonded, Wine,!

„ Sugar, 8cc. large - -J

small -

Certificate of Damage or Over En-1

try on G oods imported above 20 s.J under 20 s.j Copies of an Entry made out by the Clerks, at the Request of the Merchants

For every Certificate to cancel a Bond given in the British Plantations, and other Bonds for East India Goods, and Bugles -D* - given in Ireland for Bay and Woollen Yam -Certificate and Affidavit to obtain a Freedom or New Register Entering a Certificate or Condemnation -A Certificate and Affidavit for Muslins, &c. returned to London From each Landing Waiter, Deputy King’s Waiter, and Tide Surveyor, for Copies of Ships Reports Inwards, by Order of the Honble. Commissioners, dated l March, 1708, per Quarter -For every Entry Outwards on British Goods, except Short Cloths dyed, and Hops, on Account of a Person not free of the Merchants Hall in this City, above the Value of Five Pounds -Free of D* -

and for making the Warrant and Entry by the Deputies and their Clerks, in the Customer Outwards, and Comptroller’s Offices, large -

small ——

if the Copies of the Entry are made by the Clerks, at the Request of the Merchant -

Special Permit or Sufferance for shipping Goods Foreign

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

2 — 1 —

— 16 —

— 410

— 26

----6

— 2 —

----6

— 26

4 — 10 6 2 6 1 —

— 26

1 8 1 2

1 —

— 6

— 6 1 —

For the Use of what Officers.

Customer Inwards. Customer Outwards. Comptroller. Searcher.

Patent. Deputy and / Patent. Deputy and r Patent. Deputy and Patent. Deputy and

Clerks. Clerks. Clerks. Clerks.

Z_!~ - fc M - 6 2 -

— 8 — — 4 - —

— 1 8 10 — 110

- — 10 6

- — 2 6

- — 2 6 *

- - HK HK «-« " 1 I 1 - 6i 4|

Patent King’s Waiter.

4*

u

Patentees.

— 6

— 6

4 —

— 6

-----6

Fi

CS

o

I:

00

Vl

1 ft' I'nf rv 011 I *

O

o

o

oo_

?r

Certificate Entry on Foreign Goods eii-D titled to a Debenture, Single AflidavitJ I

o

i-

\ snot free of the {Merchants Hall — 3

Double D# -

Treble D* - -J free of D° - — 22

By Permit for Foreign Goods imported/ - - small -

Duty-free, or out of Time - - -{ - - large -

I^and Carriage Certificate -

Entry on Short Cloths Dyed, and Hops -

Entering a Certificate of Credit from the Searchers on Goods exported by Debenture -

For a Second Warrant, the Original lost or mislaid -

Affidavit to cancel Bonds for prohibited East India Goods, or Bugles, to Africa -

Copy of a Certificate for London Debenture - -

Filling up Bonds for the Exportation or Removal of East India Goods and Bugles to deliver up a lost Register -

Importation of Bay and Woollen Yam from Ireland Licence-D0 -

Bond and Certificate for British Linen exported D® - - D®, if a small Quantity -

D° - - Corn, Gunpowder, and Silk Stuffs exported

D° - - Coals and Coffee -

D° - - Coasters -

every Certificate for Draw backs, viz* Salt, Refined Sugar, and SailCloth Filling up Bond and Affidavit on Irish Linen exported

D® and British together, exported -

on the Exportation of Wine - -

every Debenture for Subsidy Goods -

Repavin'of Duties at London, or any other Place Double Debenture for Ditto -Debenture for Linen, Cotton, Silk, and Sail Cloth -

Gunpowder -

Salt -

Bundle of Wood Hoops, Stone Jars, full, each Bundle of Iron Hoops, and all other Bundles, Tubs, Boxes, Crates, Kegs, llundlets, Baskets, each; empty Bottles loose per 10 Dozen; Steel per Faggot; and Glass per Side or Crib -

Bag, Chest, or small Case, Cask, Hogshead, Butt, Pipe, Tierce, Pew ter Worms, Stills, Blocks of Tin, each; Ox Bows per 10 Dozen; Pig Iron the Ton; full Bottles

?er 10 Dozen; and Wooden Chairs per Bundle or ’arcel -

Bale and Truss, each -

1 6

L —

1 —

4 5 3 5

1 —

2 6

1 6

3 4

4 5

2 —

1 9

2 6

3 —

2 11

5 10

5 10

6 8

4 10

3 4 1 —

— il

1 — 1 -

— i 6

— 26

6

----6*

i —

l —

i —

i —

4 5

3 5

i —

- — 2 11

1 u

— 9*

1

2

— 1 9

i 8

i — I — 41

io

3 4

5 io

6 8

4 io

3 4

I —

— i

— l

— Ul

8 ? o S'

Ils|

o

w

o

os

9

09

Instruments, Document*, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

g

cq’

i — H

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

OQ

Pack, large Case, each; Bark, Cordage, loose Earth, Iron Bars, Salt and Cast Iron Pots, per Ton; and Grindstones per Chalder - -

Passenger Outwards, not being Factor, Merchant, or Mariner concerned in the Ship -Beer and Cider in Casks; loose Copper and Lead per Ton; and paving Stones per 100 Yards; Transires received in the Customer Outwards Office, and Coast Cockets, each - -

Coal and Lime per Cocket; Bricks per 1,000; for each Carriage, Horse, or Mule ——

East India Goods, Grocery, Plate, Planks, and Staves per Cocket;

Pieces of Ordnance each; and Tiles per 1,000 Wine and Tallow per Cocket -

Unmanufactured Leather per Cocket -Wheat, ground and unground -

Fees usually taken for extra Service, each Service being directed to be paid for by 6th and JihlFilliam and , Chap. 7. Sect. 14.

Ships loading at all unlawful Quays(except the Floating Dock)person| D* - - at the Floating Dock, being more than double Distance, *

the Ton -

Working Holydays per Day, and out of Hours at the Rate per Day Examining Linen, Silk Goods, and Cotton, taking oft' Stamps from Paper and printed Goods (by the Shippers Desire at their own Houses) attending the packing of the same, and sealing the Packages, each Attendance; and also by Special Sufferances, signed by the Collector, Comptroller, and Customer, for Goods shipped by virtue of said Sufferance, before the Ship is entered Outwards, per Sufferance; Second Clearance of Ships, when Goods are considerable ——

Suffering Coals, Salt, and Vitriol, by virtue as above, from Bottofn to Bottom, and examining, per Sufferance - -

Suffering, by virtue as above, Bark, Freestone, and Hotwell Water, from Bottom to Bottom -

Bricks, Tiles, and Goods not entitled to Bounty or Debenture, each Sufferance ——

— 2

— 3

— 4

— 6

1 -

1 8

2 —

3 4

' ij

5 3

2 6 2 6 1 3

— 6

For the Use of what Officers.

<z6° JaHuarii. -A. 1787.

g

cq‘

n'

CD

Q_

cr

The following Patent Fees are paid per Docket, the Gratuities <3 to the Deputies and Clerks have been given Time imme-

£ morial, without Increase or Complaint:

East India Ships Clearing Fee ....

Ships to Ireland ——

All other British Ships to Foreign Parts -

All Foreign Ships ....

To the Deputies and Clerks for a Ship in Ballast 3$. 6d.

To Guernsey, Jersey, Isle of Man, and all other Foreign Parts in Europe, Africa, North America, the East and West Indies, according to their Size, Time of loading, and Value of Cargo, from 8 s. 6d. to £t. 3 6d. N. B. The Clerks receive on Ships clearing to the East and West Indies, America, and Africa, 2 6d. all other Ships

1 s. which is included in the Deputies and Clerks as above mentioned.

5 — 8 —

3 — 3 4

*0

For gauging Wine, per Pipe or Hogshead -per Quarter Cask -certifying Debentures that are to be paid at other Ports

on English Goods, and all Debentures (for Foreign Goods paid in this Port) except Tobacco, each -Bounties on Corn and refined Sugar, each all other Bounties, except Silk -Silk....

Tobacco Debentures each, and on all Foreign Goods except Musco Sugar, per Debenture

To the Deputies on D®, from 1 Hogshead to 4, 1 s. — from Hhds. to 16, 2 s. — from 16 Hhds. to 48, 3s. 6d. — 50 Hhds. 4^.9 —

and 100 Hhds. 10$.

Certificate of Goods short shipped, re-landed, or returned, each Examining Baggage, in Proportion to the Quantity, from 1 s. to 5 Copying Reports Outwards, per Side, to the Clerks, for more than One Side, 6 d.

per One Side — for Ireland and Ships in Ballast, 9 D® - to any other Place, 1 s.

Writing a 2nd Clearance on Reports Outwards, 3 </.

O

So

H

N. B. The Sums not appropriated in the above Account to any particular Officer are paid to the Officer performing the Duty.

A. P. C. D. Cust.

-1.

- -I —

*1

5 —

2 —

3 — 3 4

----6

----6

— 6 —

— 6 — i* 2 —

1 — I —

1 6

2 6

----6

Attested by us.

7%o* Craufurd, P. S.

C. Harford, Deputy Customer Inwards.

A P Collines, Deputy Customer Outwards. F. Hmmmd, Deputy (Comptroller.

T.F. Ellison, ^Deputy Searcher.

Thcf Bevan, J

4*

<~r\

► §

2 5

8

e c -t 2

F o

oc

27 Geo. III. $6°

rtf!

I|5|

F o

PORT of BRISTOL.-------- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at'this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever

(not being Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or Person such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

tv

Collector's Checque

Clerk. Clerk.

— 1 4 — 2 4 — 3 6

— 15 — — 12 6

— 4 — — 3 6 — 26 6 6 6 — — 6

— 26 6

— 1 6 — 26 — 5 —

Instruments, Documents, or Services for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Fee received on the Payment of each Debenture, Certificate, &c.

for filling up Bonds -

Extra Fee on the Clearance of Vessels after the fixt Hours of Business, for 2 Clerks Calculating, making out, and examining Certificates for the Discount on Tobacco Bonds

Gratuity usually given on the Admission of Officers, for tire Trouble occasioned thereby

Drawing Indentures of Appraisement.....-

Filling up Certificates and Affidavits for Mediterranean Passes -

Bills of Sight, and the Affidavits -

Entries Inwards and Outwards, when prepared in the respective Offices

Certificates for Damages and Over Entries D*

D‘

Affidavits for damaged Goods Affidavits for Sugar and Rum, Orders -

which cannot be admitted to Entry without

Permits for Baggage ——

Special Permits -

Certificates for clearing Bonds for India Goods, and Bugles received into the Warehouse for Exportation ....

Special Certificates ....

from to -

f from I to -

new

renewed -

from founder 20 S. above

the Honourable Commissioners

One Person several -

f from \ to -

Collector.

Nil. John Powell.

Examiner.

— 6

2 — — 6

1 —

26° Januarii. . 1787.

o

to

g

(a

i — h

fsi'

CD

Q_

CT

CD

o

eg

rT

Permits for Goods returned, and the Affidavit

Making out Duplicates for Debenture Goods to Ireland -

Writing every Report Outwards of One Side, to Africa, America, and West Indies ....

D° — to Ireland, and Ships in Ballast ——

if more than One Side, for every Side ——

For writing a Second Clearance on the Reports Outwards -

For filling up a Bond for securing the Duties on Tobacco, when the Entries are made in the respective Offices -The Junior Clerk in this Office receives for making Copies of Entries, when required by the Merchants -

for making Copies of Certificates annexed to Debentures for Goods exported to Ireland -

ffro

on the Admission of each Officer when sworn in---- <

for attending and making out Permits for Baggage, &c. on Holydays, and after the fixt Hours of Business, each Person D° - - D° - - other Permits ——

for filling up Bonds for Mediterranean Passes, when Vessels clear out on Holydays, or after the fixt Hours of Business -

For Credit given upon short Shipping of Goods per Debenture Warrant -

Examining a Certificate for Goods sent to London by Land Carriage to be exported

For making Copies of Entries passed in the respective Offices, when the Merchant requires it

— i —

----9

----6

----3

----6

----6

6 6

— l

— a

— i

— t

P . P

I'lidi

i —

-----6

3

i — — 6 — 6

R

eg5 f?

37 Geo. III. 36* JamtariL

g

eg'

i — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

00

Instruments, Document*, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Lauding

Surveyors.

Landing

Waiters.

For extra Attendance by Special Permit, at private Wharfs or unlawful Quays, for f for the greatest Distance, per Ton every Ship’s Cargo, loading or unloading, according to the Distance of such Wharf, < middle D* - -

or the Tonnage of each Vessel 1 I least D* - -

For inspecting by Special Permit such Vessels as require Ballast before they are cleared Inwards -Attending on Board Vessels to survey Goods that are discharged on the Deck by f all Goods weighed, per Ton -

Special Permit, in order to be put immediately on Board Trows or Lighters - \ Com and Grain measured, per Quarter For superintending, by Special Permit, Goods brought in Trows or Lighters, and shipt immediately on Board other Vessels, per Ton For attending at Warehouses by Special Permit, per Day ——

Attending the Examination of Baggage, per Sufferance, each Package -

on Holydays or unusual Hours of Attendance, for the extra Service, over and above, on each Package -Surveying returned Goods, each Permit ——

Extra Attendance on Holydays, for every Vessel loading or unloading, per Day -

— 4

~ 3

— 2

5 —

— 2

T

— 2 io 6 — 6 — 6 l —

- io 6

fed

Os

9

s.

Allum per Cask, Feathers for Beds per Bag, Indigo, Madder, Tarras, each per Cask, Sallad Oil per Jar, Melasses per Hhd. old Bushel broken and old Cast Iron per Cask, Oaker per Cask, Wood British Plantation per Ton, broken Glass per Cask -

Bar Iron, Steel, Cork, each per Ton, Wainscot Boards per i,oooo. Brimstone per Ton, Cocoa, Coffee, Glue, per Hhd. Pig Iron, Kelp, each per Ton, Olives per Cask, old Ropes and old Rags per Ton, Deer Skins in the Hair per Bundle ——

Almonds per Cask, Almonds per Bale, Bladders per Hhd. Bristles per Cask, Maible Blocks each, Ordinary Olive Oil per Pipe, Prunes per Cask, Tobacco per Hhd. Rough Hemp per Pale, Currants per Curoteel, Baggage per Package, Deals per C., Staves per 1,000 - -

Capers per Butt, Brandy per Cask, Wiue per Pipe, Linen (Foreign and Irish) per Bale or Chest, Hall-drest Deer Skins per Ilhd. Currants per Butt....

----2

— 3

— 6

l — *

00

ll*

K>

D

cq

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

rT

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Anchovies per 100 little Bbls. Calf Skins per 100 Bundles, Lemons and Oranges per 100 Boxes, Shumaek per 100 Bags, Herrings per 100 Bbls. Ox and Cow Hides per 100 Hides, Bacon per ioo Sides, Oak Planks per 1,000 Planks, Certificates each, Beef, Butter, and Pork, per 100 Bbls.; for copying an Account from our Book, each Account; Bill of Sight, each -

Calves Velves per 100 Casks, Coffee per 100 Bags, Cotton Wool per 100 Bags, Flax per 100 Bobbins, Ginger per 100 Bags, Juniper Berries per 100 Bags, Lemons and Oranges per 100 Chests, Marble Mortars per 100 Mortars, Piemento per 100 Bags, Pitch per 100 Bbls. Raisins per 100 Boxes, Spanish Wool per 100 Bags, Smalts per ioo Casks, Tar per 100 Bbls. Turpentine per 100 Barrels, Elephants Teeth per Ton, Irish Lard per 100 Casks, Nuts per ioo Bags, Rum per 100 Punch', Clover and other Seed per 100 Bags, Masts per 100 Masts, Pot, Pearl, and Weed Ashes, per 100 Casks, Linen and Woollen Yarn per 100 Packs, Flour per 100 Barrels ——

Rice per 100 Barrels, Figs per 100 Barrels, Raisins per 100 Qr Barrels, Tallow per 100 Hhds. Barilla per 100 Bales, Liquorish per 100 Cases -Timber in Balk per 100 Load, Raisins per 1,000 Baskets, Sugar per 100 Hogsheads -

Copying our Books for the Purser to charge the Freight on Goods ——

On each Ship, in Proportion to her Cargo, paid us by the Purser of the from ——

Ship

to

Attending the discharging of Ships on Holydays — each Landing Waiter appointed to such Ship, per Day -

Attending Warehouses by Permit — each Landing Waiter attending, per Day ——

Discharging Ships by Permit at unlawful Quays and private Wharfs — each Landing Waiter, per Day -

Measuring Corn on Board Ships, by Permit, per Quarter ——

Attending the Discharge of Baggage on Holydays, and unusual Hours of Attendance -

Attending on Board Vessels, by Permit, to discharge Goods, in order to be put on Board Trows or Lighters, for all Goods weighed, per Ton -

All Coasters on the Welsh Shore of the Bristol Channel, reporting in the Long Room with the Permit, pay - - -. ——

for discharging -

If they load out Coastwise -

For which they are allowed to work on all Holydays and Extra Hours when the Tide Suits; we constantly attend for that Purpose.

Vessels discharging into Lighters, Barges, &c. without landing their Cargoes, which is called from Bottom to Bottom, being extra Service, pay

sometimes only - - - - "

They also working Extra Hours on the Tides and Holydays, without any other Charge.

Vessels taking in any Goods from Lighters, &c. as in the preceding Article, pay - -1 -

or! accord* to the Quant* they take -

often onlyj ~ "

And many Times nothing.

Landing

Waiters.

— 2 6

5 — 7 6 1 —

5

1

10

16

IO

6 6 6

-----6

,_____ n

o

Coast

Waiter.

Q

M

O

ON

o

I.

h!.

— 6 1 6

1 —

2 6

1 3

2 6

1 6

1 —

4*

r s

> g

0 ° s:

1 1"

.if?

g

eg‘

n'

CD

CL

cr

(D

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Severn Trows pay in with the Cocket or Let Pass, to our Use -----.....-

If they work on a Holiday they pay more, 2S. 6d.; but if Two or Three Holidays together, they pay no more -

Coasting Vessels taking Salt out of Trows, having the same Allowance of working Extra Hours and Holidays, pay for taking it from Bottom to Bottom Trows bringing Wool, which is frequently landed on Holidays^ or on the Tide, pay for certifying -

Trows discharging Timber at the Ship Builders Yards, which are all unlawful Quays, pay -

Market Boats from Chepstow and Parts adjacent, in the Six Summer Months, for working Extra Hours, and on the Tide, pay -

in the Six Winter Months ——

but if working on a Holiday, more is made by each Vessel in the Summer Six Months ——

in the Winter Six Months ——

At dealing out, they pay ——

Coasters coming from round Land pay with the Permit 6d. and for discharging 2 - -

When loading out again, as they are generally larger than those in the Bristol Channel, and are longer loading at the Quay, they - - - - ~

according to their Sizes and Loadings

pay

or

or

Vessels to and from London, Newcastle, Liverpool, Scotland, &c. being commonly much larger, and are still longer loading from at the Quay than any of the above, pay for discharging and clearing according to their Size and Loadings - - to -

When employed by the Merchants to endorse the Marks, Numbers, and Weights, on the Notice and Licence for Wool shipt Coastwise -

or for a lesser Quantity ——

Coast Waiter.

— 4

2 6

6

1

A*

6

6

— 3 —

— 26

— l 6

— 10 6

— 26

— 26

Deputed

Searchers.

cn

o

*0

on

o

1

Fees taken for Extra Service, each Service being permitted to be paid for per 6 and 7 W. and M. Chap. 7, Sect. 14.

For Vessels loading at the Merchants Floating Dock, being an unlaw ful Quay, and near a Mile from the lawful Quay, per Ton

Vessels loading at Wapping, and all other unlawful Quays, per Ton ——

Shipping Goods from Bottom to Bottom.

Working Holidays

Ditto, out of Hours, at the Rate of per Day

f Coals, Vitriol, and Salt, per Lighter or Barge j Bricks and Tiles, per D*

[ Hot Well Water and Freestone, per Ditto

— 1 I

— 1

2 6

— 6 1 3 5 3 5 3

N

►H

00

vl

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasiou whatever.

D

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o

OQ_

FT

o

to

Suffering Goods to be shipped, not entitled to Bounty or Debenture, per Permit, before the Vessel is entered out -

D' - - Corn, Malt and Flour, when entitled to Bounty, to be shipped by Permit granted as above, per Quarter -

Suffering Goods, not Debenture, to be shipp’d by Permit ——

Examining Paper, Linen, and Cotton, cutting off the Stamps, examining and weighing Silk at the Shipper’s House, by his Desire, seeing it packed, and sealing it ——

The following Gratuities have been given by the Merchants Time immemorial, without Increase or Complaint.

Gearing a Vessel in Ballast.....----

1)° - for Ireland ——

D* - for Isle of Man, Guernsey, or Jersey ——

D® - - to any other Part of the World, in Proportion to their Cargoes - -

A Socond Clearance, when the Addition is considerable -

Certifying all Debentures on English Goods -

Bounties on Corn and Refined Sugar, each ——

D* - - Silk, each ——

all other Bounties, each ——

all other Debentures paid in Bristol, except Tobacco and Sugar -

Sugar Debentures ——

Tobacco Debentures, in Proportion to the Number of Hogsheads,--from 1 to 4

4 to 16 16 to 48 50

100

Sufferance for and examining Baggage L

Certificates for Goods short shipp’d, Goods re-landed, or Goods returned -

Gauging Wines, per Pipe or Hogshead -

D* - in Quarter Casks..... *

f from -1 to -

f from I to

For clearing Ships Inwards in Hungroad -D* - in Bristol D* - lesser Vessels

Sloops Clearing Ships Outwards

D* - lesser ones at Pill Sloops

is ] es >

Deputed

Searchers.

— 2 6

---6i

— 26

— 20

— 5 —

— 7 6

— 7 6

t 1 —

— 26

— 2

— 1

— 1

— 1 6

— j 2 6

— 4 —

— 53

— 106

— 1 —

6

6

6

5 — — 6

— 6

— Q

E4

Tide

Surveyors.

I 1 —

— 10 6

— 5 —

— 26

<0 0 1

— 5 — */l

— 26

g||| *

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

A Certificate for a Mediterranean Pass

D* - - for Ships and Vessels taking Corn and Flour on Board, on which a Bounty is allowed -For a Com Debenture -

A Permit for Ships and Vessels taking Hhds. of Lime, Bricks, or any other Goods on Board, before they are cleared, to prevent their oversetting ——

Measuring Ships or Vessels, in order to ascertain their Tonnage ——

A Permit for Ships and Vessels discharging Copper Ore at Broad Pill -

Extra Service for Ships working Holidays in Hungroad -

N. B. The above Fees are divided equally between Four Tide Surveyors.

C from

Portages, except for Ships, laden with Tobacco - - "{to

Masters of Tobacco Ships, whose Portages amount to 12 or upwards, generally give For every Certificate granted for the landing Foreign Goods from Ireland -D* - to cancel Bonds given in the Plantations -

"W hen a Merchant has Occasion to refer to his Account in a Landing Waiter’s Book

A Permit to deliver out Prize Goods -A Deposit in the Afternoon when the Merchant’s Entry is out For Baggage and other Goods sent to the Warehouse, per Package Attending, examining, and packing India Goods, per Bale -

Tide*

Surveyors.

2

2

1

2

10

2

7

6

6

6

6

6

Jerquer.

e5

--- 1

10 0 2 6 2 0

— 1

CO

Jerquer’s

Clerk.

— 6

1 —

2 6

— 6

.<3

Warehouse

Keeper.

Waiters and fJTl Searchers,

D

ox

o

-----6

-----(i

s

vl

CO

Vo i. 48.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever*. Waiter® and: Searchers. Superintend-ant of the Quarantine. Weighing Porters. Tide waiters. Boat Men. Night Watchmen. Noon Tenders.

Upon every Warrant for unloading a Trow at the Timber Yards ---- From the Master of the Yard, for discharging each Trow ---- For every Trow working on a Holiday ----- For endorsing a Cocket at Uphill - -- --Permits to and from Bristol - -- -For every Vessel loaded with Coal at Portishead, bound to the Westward, of the Holmes For every Vessel loaden with Coal bound up the Severn ----- 4 i — i 3 — 2 6 — l — _ 5 — — i 6 - t

\ i 1 i i For attending on every Vessel lying Quarantine - - - - - - £ % S j 1 1 —

- - 4 - -

*ro the Superintendent, for Attendance on Holidays - -For working on Holidays, each Weigher per Day working at Warehouses, each Weigher per Day - - - Allowed by the Merchants on every Cask Sugar which we examine (after passing the King’s Scale) with a Drawer, for the Satisfaction and Inspection of the Merchants, Brokers, &c\ with which we take out from each Cask, on an Average, Half a Pound of Sugar, which we sell at the Rate of 5 d. per Pound, on each Cask - -- -is - ... - - — 2 6 — 26 — 2 6 — 26 3*

f % S ft 1.

t?l

o

OV

tn

o w o »#>

S grg ?-ps- *

D

CQ'

n’

CD

Q_

cr

O

O

oo

Ux

4*

Os

Q

i-i

Op

7'

27 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

155

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

A TABLE of Fees and Allowances due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of Chester, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging; agreed between the Merchants and the said Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, and confirmed by Vote and Order of the House of Commons, dated April nth, 1670.

Customer’s Fees;

For every Entry .....- -

For every Port Bond -

For every other Bond ——

For every Certificate from the Office -

For every Certificate received into the Office ——

For the Invoice or Outvoice of every Ship -

For the Entry of every Ship or Vessel - -

For the Entry of every Ship or Bark to or from France, or other Foreign Parts -

Ex4 per JVm

Cler. Dom. Com.

I- A -----8

----4 f

----8

----8

----2 i

----3

- 1 4{

Comptroller’s Fees:

For every Entry - - *

For every Certificate from the Office ——

For every Certificate received into the Office -

For the Invoice or Outvoice of every Ship or Vessel -

For Entry of every Bark or Vessel -

For Entry of every Ship or Vessel to or from France, or other Foreign Parts -

JVm

Cler. Dom* Com.

Searcher’s Fees:

For ev£ry Entry - - - .

For Return of every Port Certificate - " - - - *

For every Foreign Cocquett ——

1

Edward Turner,

Speaker of the House of Common?.

Ex. W. C.

Custom House, London,

5th August, 1785.

I do hereby certify that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the Books in my Office, of the original Table of Fees for the Port of Chester and Members, as transmitted by the principal Officers at that Port on the 31st August 1709.

W. , Secretary.

CHESTER.

O

o

?r

c H E S T ER.-H E A D POET.

Port of Chester. — An Account of Pees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use, such Fees

are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Cn

os

' Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees as of every Description and Denomination whatever. all other p Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers.

S' Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

Patent. Deputy or Clerks. 'Patent. Deputy or Clerks \ ' — ’T Patent. Deputyor Clerks.

For every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards, Foreign - - „ - - — 4 4 — 1 71 — — iof — — 1 of

Entry of a Ship Outwards, Foreign - 2 5 — 1 4 i — — 2 Si

Report of a Ship Outwards, Foreign - - ^26 — — 3 — 6 3 6 _ j —

Additional Outvoice, Foreign ..... — — 6 - - - 6

Entry of Goods Inwards, every Warrant - 1 10 — — 8 — 2 6 2 — — 4

Entry of Goods Outwards ----- - 1 10 — — 8 — . — 1 2 6 2 4

Post Entries, and Entries Inwards and Outwards, under Value - - — - 5t — - — - 2 Tof 2 — — 2 4- of 2

Every Cocket Outwards, Foreign - - — 1 - - — 6 — — 6 —

D# - - - to Ireland and the Isle of Man - - - - m — 2 —

Special Sufferances to land at an illegal Quay - — 1 4 - - - — 8 - - - 8

Every Coast Sufferance - - 5-r — — 2 -fof 2 2 -fof 2

Coast Ships, Entries Inwards ... - — 2 10 — — 11 — 8 9 2 i — 4

Ditto - Outwards — ‘ — 11 — 8 9 2 — -4

Coast Bonds Outwards - m - - - - lOf — — 4f — 1 — 6

Certificates to discharge Coast Bonds Inwards - - - - 8 _ — n _ 4 if

Ditto - Outwards — — 8 . 6 6 ... 2 .

Certificates from London with Goods for Ireland - - - r — - 4 — — 2 - - if

Certificates Inwards, with Linen, &c. from Ireland - - - . - - - 4 — — 21 - - if

Coal Bonds, Foreign, Outwards - — 1 4 — — 8 — 8

Certificates to discharge Coal Bonds, Foreign, Inwards - m - m m - 8 — — 2 f — 4 1 f

Other Foreign Bonds ---- 6

Certificates Outwards to discharge Bonds given for Wool, &c. in Ireland - - - — 2 5 — < 8 — 71' 6 71

Certificates for Goods going by Land Carriage - - — — 8 - 6 t >

Certificates for Portages and Damages, and Over Entries — — 8 — — 10 6 10

— 3 4 - - - — 1 8 - - - — 1 8

Registers of Ships ---- — — 8 — 1 5 - — 1 5

London Debentures ---- — u - 3 4 — - — 8 — — 8 6 - . , a

Ships clearing Notes to Foreign Parts - 5 - 2 6 - 2 6

L># - - to Ireland and the Isle of Man - - - m - - — 2 8 - - - 1 4 - — 1 4

Attending Ships loading at an illegal Quay - 10 - . - - - — 10 —

Discharging Packages to Ireland, each - - - - 6 6

Ships cleared Outwards to Ireland and the Isle of Man - - - Oft - - — 5 - -s - — — — ."

Ships cleared Outwards to America and France - 106 — 10 6

os

r. IS.

Attested by us, Cha’ Hawker, D. Cust’. J. Dyson, D. Comp.

Attested by Tito' Woollam, D. Searcher.

CO

Port

of <ry/r.f/c/-.----- An ACCOf/NTT of nil IV» —

I>c|»iiti<*4 or ( 'lei Km) «it »/jrt

I lyr Ity llio mo 1 «" lillooi

W lllkt I «.»»- 1 lllIH IltM.

i.iA . no«i «»r an on.oi-H «>r

-1 1 o«.-

Port of Chester. — -An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o

to

o

o

?T

w

Instruments, Documents, or Service, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For every Entry Inwards -

Ship’s Register -

Ship’s Entry Outwards -

Ship’s Entry Inwards -

Manifesto Outwards and Outvoice -Clearing Note, Foreign -

D* - - to Ireland and the Isle of Man -

Certificate of Damage, Portage, and over Entry

for Goods landed -

for Wool -

Inwards, to discharge Wool Bond in Ireland Ship’s Dispatch ——

Bill of Health ——

Isle of Man Bond -

Debenture (except London) -

London Debenture -

Special Sufferance ——

Entry Outwards - -

Coast Ship Entry Inw'ards and Outwards Duplicate -

Sufferance - - - - _ -

Post Entry, and Entry under Value - -

For every full Cargoe of Wine -

For making out every Master’s Manifest of the Cargoe When Clerks form the Entry, and calculate the Duties for the Merchant ——

For Attendance and clearing out a Foreign Vessel upon a Holy-day, or out of Hours -

For discharging a Foreign Ship upon a Holyday, or unlawful Quay, with Fruit, Hemp, or Timber, &c. or a Ship from Leghorn, with Skins, on a Holyday, or at an unlawful Quay -For discharging Vessels from Ireland - - D*

For gauging W ine as above, per Pipe -For a Certificate of Portage Bill - -

For every Cocket for Bounty or Certificate Goods -For working at the Linen Hall, not being a lawful Quay, late and early, at the Fairs and Iiolydays, to discharge Linen Cloth, for each Pack -

for each Box -

For discharging a Vessel from Foreign Parts with Deals or Oil, for Dispatch of Business -

For every large Vessel with Corn or Kelp, &c. -

For every small Vessel - D° -

Collector.

2 6 2 11 6 8 6 to

4

8

8

10

8

----6

----3

----8

----2

----2

----2

one third of 2

D* — 2

Collector*®

Clerks.

— 26

1

— *

bnrveyu rs, or their Clerk.

1 1 —

— 26

----6

— 5 — ---4

— 2

— 1

5 —

2 6

Landing Waiters, each of them.

Coast Waiters, each of them.

Waiters and Search, e.tch.

----3

1 1 —

— 5 —

- 10

- 5

— 2

Tide

Survey*.

Warehouse

Keeper.

JO 6

2 f

5 —

2 6 2 6

Weighing

Porters,

each.

Tide Waiters.

when boarded, ^arh

Boatmen, when they are boarded as Tide Waiters.

K>

O

w

o

5 —

2 6

2

2

1

il

1

6

6

3

2 6 1 —

1 — 1 —

— 6

10

Os

o

3.

2 6

1 — .

----6

Instruments! Documents, or Service, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Collector’s Clerks. Surveyors, or their Clerk. Landing Waiters, each of them. Coast Waiters, each of them Waiters and Search" each. Tide Survey. Warehouse Keeper. Weighing Porters, each. Tide Waiters’ when boarded, each. Boatmen, when they are boarded as Tide Waiters.

For every Vessel with Linen at the Fair - 10 6 - ... - - — 2 6 — 2 6

For a Mediterranean Pass Certificate ----- For Attendance at the Quay on Holydays and over Hours tol — 5 —

dispatch Business, for every Hhd. of Tallow or Skins - -J m j *

For every 25 Dozen of Calf Skins - - - - if

For every 100 Cow Hides or Cask of Coney Wool - - - 3

For every Hhd. of Glew or Bladders, or Ton of Cork Wood 6

For every Damage Certificate ---- m m , 5 — _

For Orders to the Tidesmen for landing Horses and Cows from!

» mm — g

For discharging Passengers Baggage, per Parcel - - -For Ships from London, Inwards and Outwards - 1 — 1 6

For every other Ship Inwards - -

For attending and dispatching the weighing and shipping of Lead,! 6 c. —

and Lead Ore, for every too Tons - - - -J — 63

For shipping and endorsing the Sufferance, for every large Vessel For - - Ditto every small Vessel — 26

1 Deputy.

2 if

> ll I. Lat Surveyor. Tho’ P Landing Waiter. Th(f Hitchcock, Landing Waiter. That Parry, Co ait Waiter. Tho' Hitchcock, Coast Waiter. Peter Parry, That Jones. I. Latham. Surveyor. MeshachGibson, Warehouse Keeper. Meshach Gibson, Weighing Porter. Th& Lumber, Weighing Porter. Giles M Jos. Pattison.

Oi

00

to

os

o

PARK GA T E.-------- Creek of Chester.

Port of Parkgate.----- An ACCOUNT of Fee* usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks, distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for what Use, such Fees

are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what arts called Patent Fees* as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers.

Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

Patent. Deputy or Clerk) Patent. Deputy or Clerk. ' Patent. j Deputy'or Clerk

For every Entry Inwards or Outwards of Goods above the Value of £. 5 For every Entry Inwards or Outwards of Goods under the Value of £5 For every Certificate delivered into the Office ---- For every Certificate issued out of the Office For the Entry of every Ship or Vessel Inwards, including Invoice For the Entry of every Ship or Vessel Outwards, including Outvoice * — 2 — 6 — 12 — 5 3 — 7 9 8 8 — 1 7f — 7S 1 4 2 — 1 8 — 28 6 2 6 nf tj — 1 6| b 1 1 jOO

_ , ___ v...^aic issued out of the Office — - -

T*Ov t\»e V\nU y of every Sthp <»v V eH«eV Inwards, inedudinu l «ivoi«-«

H

T

For every Sufferance for discharging Baggage - - "

2* For the additional Outvoice on every Ship or Vessel laden with Merchandize! p at Parkgate, when such Ship has been previously cleared out at Chester/ *>. For every Bond -

For every Irish Cocket (none others being granted here) -

l

2

1

.6

The Deputy Searcher at Parkgate receives Fees or Gratuities from the Shippers of Goods residing in Chester, in Consideration of attending to do this Duty on Sundays, Holydays, and out of Hours; but as the Sums for this Service are uncertain, and never regularly paid, they are not comprehended in the above Account. Lloyd, D. Searcher.

Custom House, Parkgate, 22ld Sept' 1786.

Attested by us, Edward , Customer.

liumy Read, Comptroller. Rob' Lloyd, D. Searcher.

si

w

o

Port of Parkgate. — An Account of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their Deputies, or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business, or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o

N

CD

CL

O

o

o

0Q_

FT

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees ure taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For discharging every Pack of Irish Linen Cloth imported -

For discharging every Box of - D# -

For discharging a Cargoe of Corn from Foreign Parts -

For every Order to the Tidesmen to land Horses, &c.

For every Sufferance to land Goods Coastways -

For endorsing the Sufferances of a London Ship -

For endorsing every other Sufferance -

For loading every Ship with Merchandize for Dublin, if loaded within a Week

For loading the same, if longer than a Week -

For loading a Cargoe of Lead for Foreign Parts -

For clearing a Ship Inwards, laden with Timber from Foreign Parts

For clearing a Ship Inwards, laden with other Merchandize

For clearing a Ship Inwards in Ballast

For discharging Saddle Bags, and such other small Parcels of Baggage,! belonging to Passengers ----- J

There are also Fees or Perquisites received by the Land Waiters and Porters, for examining and discharging Baggage; but as these are merely gratuitous, they cannot he comprized in the above Account.

Custom House, Parkgate, 23"* Septr 1786.

Lloyd.

Collector.

Collector’ Clerk b.

urveyors or heir Clerks

Landing

Waiters

— 6

— 3 10 6 1 —

Coast

Waiters.

Waiters and Search'*.

Tide

Survey11

Warehouse

Keeper.

Jerquer.

Weighing

Porters.

— — 3

----2

Noon

fenders.

j\, $

<5 c

is

ft?

— 5 —

These Gratuities, it is presumed, are received as Dy Searcher.

6 -

a? <D

a.ts

2 o os

— to

— 5

— 26

of

: fe

1 -O Q? >

ca

5?

ft

+ 1 o

© o, ►r £

5 JZ C*1 M

Tidesmen and ltoalnien.

— 2 each,

each.

-----61

each.

5 g

i,

IS

k*

O y o

§ £ 3

?o ?

Os

o

ip

6} 1 — t

ich. /

O

BEAUMARIS.------ Member of CHESTER.

Port Beaumaris.-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies, or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Os

o

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken; as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

For every Ship’s Report Outwards,-and Gocket to Ireland D° - Inwards, from Ireland For every Entry more than One -. Coast Cocket Outwards -D® - Inwards -Transire Outwards or Inwards -Coast Let-passes Inwards or Outwards -Masters Report, in Ballast -Ships with Corn for Ireland - -

Ships Registers

Post Entries for Coals Coastwise - -

D® - under Value -Ships with Herrings, for Ireland -

3

7

10

8 6 6

— 39

7

4

2

5 4 2 1 1 3

— 5 —

— . 2 --

----6

— 2 7

For the Use of what Officers.

Customer.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks

ii*

3f

8

2

7

U

7

5

3i

8 8

— i 71

S®

K

Q

CO

3

o

Comptroller.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

Searcher.

2

1

1

31 71

-----8

— l 6f

— i 5

----- n

-----7

-----5

— i if

— i 5 -8

----- lif

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

4

s

i?

sr

b

b

Os

4

4

4

4

4

4

K

Q

Ui

<L>

V

Port of Beaumaris.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

fed

ON

o

D

cq

r — H

n‘

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

o

FT

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, for any Occasion whatever.

For every Entry Inwards - - - - . - ' _

For every Sufferance for shipping Goods Outwards -

For every Outvoice or Invoice Bill -

For providing Coast Bond -

Master’s Report, in Ballast -

Ships Registers, drawing Certificates and Counterpart, &c. -

Post Entries on Coals -

For every Warrant from the Office, to discharge Goods Inwards Coastways For D® Foreign -

For shipping of Goods Outwards, and endorsing Warrants -

For making out Sufferances and Coast Cocket Outwards, if granted together

For a Ship's Report Oulu ards, drawing out a Victualling Bill, &c.

Collector.

d.

4

4

4

5*

2

n

4

4-3

Collector’s Clerk. Surveyors, or their Clerks. Landing Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Searchers.

— 1 i —

— 2 6 - - j

.sf Cicj c*i 5" . it > E* Owen, Act1 Waiter and Searcher.

Tide

Surveyors.

Warehouse

Keepers*

Jerquers.

Weighing

Porters.

Noon

Tenders.

oo

-ylu /4 CC (> LT Nf 'I' or

*11 I'tcs ti.Hiinlly taker t»v I

surf

l*<ilrtit < >fl*

C V.wK «.r

Hi ^‘r!ri..l>‘ pul.i< H.or c:u , k«; flistinmuKlam

\ Is I t« 1 I. I

s § -s

5=> r: c>?

/I 3/0 UTH.

-Creek of Beaumaris.

2*

r

Port Barmouth.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o

o

o

OQ,

FT

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others of every Description attfl Denomination whatever.

For every Master’s Report for his Ship Inwards For Entry of Goods -Invoice - .

Entry of a Ship Outwards -

D* - of Goods - -

Outvoice -

Cocket -

Entry of Coast Ships Inwards

Sufferances -

Entry of Goods - -

Cocket -

For Entry of Coast Ships Outwards

For entering Sufferances - -

For Entries of Goods -

Coast Cocket -

Fees on Bonds -

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Document.

2

1

2

1

1

2

1

6

6

1 6 6

2 6 6 6 2 6 6 6

1

2 —

For the Use of what Officers.

Customer.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerk.

— 1

----8

----3

— i 4

----8

----3

----8

----8

----8

----3

----8

----8

----4

T3 a or T jt U Q> 8 Oh & a

(/j a> < 9 & c CO 9 o K Q <3 S' Q

Comptroller.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerk.

st

6

3

Si

6

3

6

2

3

6

6

3

2

6

6

o

a

a.

a

o

V

Searcher.

Patent.

----4

— 1 —

-----4

| -

K

Q

Port of Barmouth.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs, at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Collect'* Clerk. Surv1* or their Clerks. Land* Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Search*. Tide Survey'. Warehouse Keeper. Jerquer. Weigh* Porter. Noon Tenders.

For every Entry Inwards ----- 4

For every Entry Outwards - 4

For every Sufferance Inwards and Outwards - - 3

Entry of Goods Inwards and Outwards - - 4 -

% § PX £ & § & 95 & rs

1 1

>§ w*i

n 3 =;

S =- 2 3

c if S*

<1

o

M

O

Deputy and Clerk.

os

o

o\

O

o

o

OQ_

irs?a

izif

I r

a

Port of Carnarvim.-

CARNARVO N.-------- Creek of Beaumaris.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies, or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for

whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Os

Instruments, Documents, or Services for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Entry of Goods of Value For every Entry of Goods under Value -For every Port Bond -

For every other Bond -

For every Certificate from the Office -

For every Certificate reced. into the Office -

For the Invoice or Outvoice of every Ship.

For the Entry of every Ship or Vessel -

For the Entry of every Ship or Vessel to or from Foreign P"

For the Return of every Port Certificate

For every Foreign Cocket -

For every Sufferance

For every Cocket to Ireland -

For every Bill to or from Ireland -For every Post Entry of 5 s. -For every Register of Ships -

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. \ For the Use of what Officers. l li

Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

r Pa'tent. Deputy and Clerk. t — Patent. Deputy and Clerk. Patent. Deputy and Clerk.

— 1 6 - — — 8 - 6 m am — 1 — 4

2

— . — 4 i - - — 4 i

— — 8 - — — 8

— 1 2 _ 8 m - - — — 6

1 i

— — 6 - — — 3 - - 3

— — 6 - - — — 3 - - - — 3

— 2 1 - - — - 1 4* - 81

— 1 — - - _ m - - — 1 —

— 6 — — 6 —

— — 4 . — . — - 2 - - - — 2

— 2 2

2

— — 4 - - — — 2 - 2

— 5 — - - — 3 7 - - - — 1 5

Attested by us, Tk Lewis Ik C Custr. S *3 Dy Comp'. 1 E Q Searc\

Port of Carnarvon.~ — An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port; and of all others of every Description whatever (not being

PofonfoPD AF their rVannfiAa /"''l \ J! __ 1_a. T>---1_ — ____ J a!__T T*_ _ _X. __L-4 D/tKnAn ama nni/1 av a1 11011m ^ktamnQ

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion.

Ships Inwards from Ireland, if but One Entry

For every Entry more than One in Ship to or from Ireland

Master’s Report in Ballast -

Ship Outwards to Ireland, if but One Entry -

D* - - only Half Fees for Goods under Value Coast Cocket Outwards -

Coast Cockets Inwards (with Coals or Goods only)

D* — with Coals and Goods - - i

Transire Outwards or Inwards -

Let Pass Inwards or Outwards -

D* - - of small Value -

For a Vessel discharging Part of her Loading -Post Entries on Coals Coastwise, if above 5$.

If under 5 J. ——

Special Sufferance to load at an illegal Quay >

Collect'* Surv"or 'Land* Waiters and Tide Warehouse Jerquers. Weight Coast N oon

Collector. Clerk. their Clerks. Waiters. Search". Survr#. Keepers. Porters. Waiters. Tenders.

4 - - — 1 — — 1 —

- 4 — 1 1

— — 4 - m am - — 1 —

2 — 1 —

— — 2 — 1 —

4

- 6

4 2 2 6

- 2 m m r . Zz 6 v K a n g W) - 1 e h < 2 m fce 59 o> g t- Cl

7If Lem Collectoi J JA b4 Il-I S|<S| h *{8

00

p

eg'

r — f-

n'

0

a

cr

*0

Port of Cartway.*

I if* I

CONWAY.

§ BP

m --S .-tt

79 &

S I

-Creek of Beaumaris.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all other of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Coast Cockets Outwards -

Coast Cockets Inwards ——

Transires Outwards and Inwards -

Let Passes Inwards or Outwards ——

Ships Outwards to Ireland, if but One Entry, except Ships with Corn or Herrings Ships from Ireland, if but One Entry -

For every Master’s Report from Ireland, in Ballast -

Ships with Com from Ireland ——

Ships with Herrings to Ireland -

Ships Register ——

Vessel with Herrings Coastwise; Entry of Ship -

Post Entries for Coals -

D* - under Value ....

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

— 5

— 4

— 2 — 1 — 6

— 4

— i

~ 3

— 2

— 5 —

6

— 2 —

4*

8

6

6

9

7

9

7

For the Use of what Officers.

✓v, , -

Customer.

Patent.

Deputy or Clerks.

2 2 1 7

— 11 - 5

nf

3 i 5

3i 7 i

-----8

-----3

-----8

-----2

CO

3

2

2

2

1

Comptroller.

Patent.

Deputy or Clerks.

Deputy. — 1 — 1

— 2

— 1

— 1

6*

5

n

7

3i

9*

5

7t

Searcher.

o

tn

O

Patent.

Deputy or Clerks.

a

o

O

Deputy.

— 1 4

— i 4

----4

— i 4

----4

----4

Port of Conway.---- An Act C O U N T of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, of their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Coast Cockets Outwards -

Coast Cockets Inwards . ....

Transires Outwards and Inwards -

Let Passes Inwards or Outwards ——

Ships Ontwards to Ireland, if but One Entry, except Ships with Coro or Herrings Ships from Ireland, if but One Entry -

For every Master’s Report from Ireland in Ballast -

Ships with Com from Ireland -

Ships with Herrings to Ireland - -

Ship’s Register ——

Vessels with Herrings Coastwise; Entry of Ship -

Post Entries for Coals ——

D* - under Value ....

Collect'. Collect" Clerk. Survr# or their Clerks. Land* Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Search". Tide Surv. Warehouse Keepers. Jerqoers. Weigh* Porters. Noon Tenders.

4 1

4 — — 4 1 -1 —

6 4 6 -

mmmm _ , 2 4

— 2 11 4 2

i \ ! -

OS

o

1

os

g

eg'

n‘

CD

Q_

O"

O

o

n

Port of Holy head.-

H O L Y H E A D.------ Creek of Beaumaris.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Os

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others of every Description and Denomination.

For the Use of what Officers.

For every Master’s Report, and Entry of his Ship and Cargo In Cockets Outwards, (N. B. The P' Boats do not report out) -For every Entry more than One - -

Debentures -

Coast Cockets Inwards -....

Transires, In or Out -

Coast Sufferances, In or Out -Coast Cockets Outwards -

Certificates from the Office -D* - received into the Office -

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. r Customer.

/ Patent. A Deputy and Clerks

s. d. S. (1.

— 4 7 - — 2 71

— 2 2. - - — 12

— - 2 ... 1 — — 12

— 4 8 m m — 1 lOf

— 26 - — 1 3

— 16 - 11

— 22 - — 12

— 12

CO

3

1L

I*

Comptroller.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks

S.

1

d.

7i

8

8

8

51

n

7

8 6 it

r

Si-

Q-

s

o

CJ

Searcher.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

S.

t

Co

d.

4

4

4

4

4

4

----4

-G

u

03

Port of Holyhead.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

OS

o

1

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collect*. Collect" Clerk. Surv" or their Clerks. Land* Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Search". Tide Surv". Wareh* Keepers. Jerquers. Weigh* Porters.. Noon Tenders.

For every Entry Inwards ------ D* Outwards - -- Coast Cockets Inwards - -- -- --Transires -D* ----- - Let Passes Inwards ------ D° Outwards - -- N. 13. There being no Foreign Importation into tins Port, the Landwaiter hath no Fees but for attending Extra Hours, in discharging Passengers Baggage; and then no specified Sum, but what the Proprietors of the Baggage please to give. John Land*. The same the DT Searcher has for Outwards. John Sheppard, Dep* Searcher. j. d. 2 2 4 4 a-a 0 </) 4- K 0 c os J. Morg", Coast Waiter. , 1 1 55 i 4 " Wait' and Search'. - 1 1 OO

P TV L LHE

-Creek of Beaumaris.

o

r>

K>

Port of Pwllhely. — An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing-for what Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

a

p*

o

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Foreign Outwards D* - - Inwards

For every Coast Cocket Outwards D° - - - Inwards

For every Transire Outwards -1)°- - fnwards For every Letpass Outwards D* - - Inwards

For every Post Entry for Coals under Value For every Return to cancel Coast Bonds For every Ship’s Register -

For filling every Coast Bond

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

£. s.

7

5

5

4

2

2

1

1

— 5

- l

3

4

8

6

6

6

6

6

4

For the Use of what Officers.

Customer.

Patent

Deputy and Clerks.

G. Thom,

Dr Customer.

D*

G. Tho,

Dy Custom'.

Comptroller. _______-----

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

JVm Gri,

Dy Compt'.

1Vm Gri Dr Comp'.

Searcher.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

Mau. Williams, Dr Searcher.

M. Williams, DT Search'.

o

s

Si

3:

Port of PxcUhely. — An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collfcr. Collec Clerks. Surv, or their Clerks. Lands Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Search. Tide Surv'*. Warehouse Keep. Jerquers. Weigh* Porters. Noon Tenders.

For every Masters Report Inwards and Outwards -For $very Coast Sufferance Inwards and Outwards- d. 6 6 { M. Willi, and others. M. Willia Coastw'.

Port Lancaster.

o

o

o

°£-

rT

LA N C A S T ER.--------- Member of Chester.

-An ACCO U N T of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers; their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

On

Os

Instruments, Documents, or Sersiccs, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

From every Master of a Ship clearing Outwards to the West Indies For every Master's Report of his Ship Inwards ]3° _ - - - - in Ballast

A Wool Certificate Inwards -Land Carriage Certificates Inwards -Report of a Ship Outwards -D° - - in Ballast -

Special Sufferance to land at an illegal Quay Plantation Certificate Inwards -Coast Sufferance Outwards -Certificates for discharge of Coast Bonds -An Entry Inwards -

D# Outwards - -

A Coast Entry Inwards -D° - Outwards -

Store Entry Inwards -

D- - - Outwards f"1'!1 a" °a,1‘ and Cer‘‘5",e -.

[without - - D

A Coast Bond -

A Wool Bond -

A Coal Bond -

A Bond for the Duties of Goods imported -

A Plantation Bond ——

A Bond for Goods having a Bounty or Draw back -

tv , . faith Certificates ——

Debentures („it||OU, lr . ....

Certificate granted to discharge Bonds given in another Port -

D° - - - to discharge Bonds given for Wool in Ireland -

i)° - - - for Goods going by Land Carriage -

Every Post Entry and Entry under Value -

A Certificate of a Plantation Bond being given -

A 1)° - - to discharge a D' ——

A Foreign Cocket -

Ah Irish Cocket -

For a Certificate in every Entry of Foreign Goods Coastways, the Duty having been paid ——

5 — 3 i 2 1

— 4

— 4 3 i 2 1

— 1 4 6

— 2 2 4

— 2 6

— 3 2 3 6

— 31

— 2 —

— — 41 8 8

— 1 3

— 1 l

— 1 3

— 2 3

— 2 7

— 2 2

— 2 2

— 2 2 6 2

— 1

— 1 7 2

i l 2

For the Use of what Officers.

Customer. Comptroller. Sear

1 X r \ /

Patent. Deputy and Clerks Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent.

1)4 — i 34 l]L

81 81

14 ij il

ij if H

94 — i 34 ill

8* 84

6 4

ij i4 if

3

i} i{ if

5 7 8 - 4

5 7 8 - 4

6* 8{ it - 4

6{ 81 u - — 1 4

5 — — 7 8 - - - 4

9 — i — I — I 2 - 4

5 7 8 - 4

2* 21

4 4

4 4

4 li

4 9

4 n

4 5 6 — 1 —

4 9 6 - — i —

4 4 (i ... — - i —

4 4 6 - — l —

4 — — 4 6 m m — l —

l 3 2

4 4 6

4 4 6

- - m u

4 — — 4 6

Deputy and Clerks.

5 —

0\

o

's?

5s

3* .

3:

1 -

00

<1

o

c

A Certificate of Over Entry - - - -

D® - - - of Damage -

D* - - - for a Portage Bill -

A Ship’s Register ——

Every Certificate from London with East India and other Goods from Ireland -I)® - - - - from another Port with f oreign G oods of the Duty being paid

I)® - - of landing Drawback Goods in Ireland - -

D® - - - - from Ireland, for Discharge of Coal Boitds -

D® - - - - from Ireland, with Yarn, Linens, &c.

a

a

2

2

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

if

i*

H

H

li

— 4

— 4

— 4

— 4

— i*

— ii

— H

— ii

Attested,

----6

-----6

-----6

-----6

----- U

----- if

----- if

----- if

----- if

Rolf Foxcroft, D. Cust\

James Smethurst, Comp'.

J. Smethurst, D7 Searcher.

ki

vj

o

W

o

o

o

o

oo

rT

Port Lancaster.---- An Act COUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or Person such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For every Coal Fitter s Certificate -

For every Addition to a Coaster’s Cocket and Bond, after having first been cleared out -

For every D® - - to a Foreigner’s Outvoice, after D®

For drawing every Add1 Cert, to cancel Coast Bonds, after the first has been lost by the Parties -

For every Certificate of Damage -

For every D® - - of Over Entry -

For every D® - - for Portage Bill -

Extra Attendance discharging Ships Inwards, on Holydays, See.

per Ship -

D® - - - Vessels with Coals -

Coasters Inwards from London, each Vessel -Extra Attendance at discharging Coasters Inwards, each Vessel D® - - - - at shipping Outwards, each Vessel

Extra Attendance at examining Passengers Baggage, out of Hours -

Extra Attendance on examining Irish Linens, each Package For every Debenture sent from Liverpool for Payment at Lancaster ——

Collec\

----6

Rolf

Toxcroft.

Collec'*

Clerk.

— 1 -

— 1 -

J. Boo

Surv*\ or their Clerks. Land* Waiters. Coast Waiters.

— 26 1 1 1 1

— 106 I N* 0

co^o ~ . , II — 26 6

Th’Noble, Surv'. Wm Fishery Ths Wilsotiy Jo. Calvert, Land wait". Wm Fishery Coastwaitr.

Wait

and

Searc'*.

Tide

Surv.

Warehouse

Keeper.

Jerquers.

Weigh*

Porters.

Noon

Tenders.

On

O

o\

Port Uleers tone.-

U L V E R ST O NE. Creek of Lancaster.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for wlmt Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Coasting Vessel Outwards with Cocket -Sufferance - - - _ _ _

Const Entry Inwards....

Ccrlilicate to cancel Bond given at another Port llcport Inwards or Outwards with Goods.

Kntry Inwards or Outwards -

Invoicing a Vessel in Ballast from Ireland ..

A Let pass -

All Linen Certificates from Ireland -Certificates Inwards to cancel Bonds -

Coal Registers -

Registers for Ships -

For extra Service not allowed by Law, supposed to be per Ann.

N. B. — The D7 Searcher and Dr Compt' hath hitherto been alio_______

The Deputy Searcher’s Fees are paid at the Custom House, he hitnself residing at Rampside.

Attested by us,

Thomas , D. Cust’,

M. Thomas, D. Compt',

J. Dep7 Search'.

called Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of whut Officers.

Customer. 1 Comptroller. Searcher.

Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. (Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerks.

each - — 3 9 51 — i n - 10 ... — l 4

each - 6 2 2 - — — 2

each - 2 6 10* - 10 . 4

- 2 2 4 4 - 6 - — l —

each - — 3 i oi — 1 u - 10 - 4

each - 4 10 - 6 - 4

each - 12 4 ,

each - 1 - - - 8 - 4

each - 4 - 4

each - - 2 { - li

each - 6 - 6

each - — 12 - — 1 2

- - - 30

Port Ulverstone.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of till others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collecr. Col lee" Clerk. Survey" or their Clks. Land* Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiter and Searcher. Tide Survr. Wareh* Keeper. Jerquer. Weigh* Portei - Noon Tenders.

For every Endorsement on Coast Warrant Inwards, each - D° - - Outwards ---- - - D° - - Let-Pass - - - - On the Discharge of every Vessel with Goods from Ireland - - - -For the Discharge of a Vessel with Goods from Ireland - - - c W Garth. Coast Offr. - 5 — — 2 C J. Bank ft. Jerquer.

N. B. There are Five Coast Officers belonging to this Port, whose Fees are the same as mentioned above, and therefore we presume the Signature of One of them sufficient. The Jerquer, and the Waiter and Searcher, Mr. Sunpson, have not thought proper to attend to sign their Names as directed, notwithstanding the y have had

timely Notice given them. As witness our Hands.

Birch, D. Cust'.

Since the finishing of this Acc* Mr. Bankcs the Jerquer, attended.

T. Birch, D. Cust'.

0\

OO

o

o

2

* - c 13. Cunt'.

OO

o

r

LIVERPOOL JE. — Member of Chester.

Port of Liverpool.--- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for

whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

X

For every Master’. lienort f In Mast' or froa>lhe Isle of Man ofrL^CrrfsT0" From I-land loaded -

[ from every other Place, loaded -

For every Addition to a Master’s Report Inwards -

Master’s Report of f To Ireland or the Isle of Man ... his Ship Outwards \To every other Place -For every Addition to a Master’s Report Outwards - -

Coasting Vessel Inwards - _ -.

Coasting Vessel Outwards -

Certificate to discharge Coast Bonds Inwards -

Certificate to discharge Coast Bonds Outwards - -

For the Entry of every Ship Outwards to Foreign Parts -

every Coasting Vessel Outwards -

For every Entry Inwards or Outwards, where the Goods exceed the Value of £.5

where the Goods are under the Value of £. 5 Coast Cocket and Warrant Inwards or Outw ards -Certificate from the British Plantations -

Certificate from London, or other Ports, of the Payment of Duties for Foreign Goods -

London Cocket ——

Certificate of the Landing of Goods in Ireland, or the Isle of Man, to recover the Drawback or Bounty -

Certificate for Linen Cloth imported from Ireland -

Certificate to discharge Bonds given in the Plantations, or in Ireland

Certificate for Goods sent by Land Carriage -

Certificate of Over Entry or Damage -

Certificate of Portage -

Debenture paid at this Port, except Linen, Cotton, or Corn Bounty Debentures - -

Debenture paid at other Ports, where Duplicates are required -Bond taken in the Customer’s Office, except Coast Bonds Special Sufferance to discharge at unlawful Places, or on Holydays -

For the Use of what Officers.

*<1

o

w

o

Customer.

4 n 1

— 2

6

7

5 7

1

3

2 1 of

- 4

8

- 8 - 6 1 10

7

6

1

1

6

2

1 10 ~ 4

4

4

2

1

2

1

4

4

1

4

4

2

2

8

2

8

— 1 10

Patent.

z / x

7\

n

— 1

— 1

— 1

71 7 i

n

2 i 8

10

2

10

21

2\ 2 i

2 k 2k 8 8 8 8

8

8

8

Deputy and Clerks.

l 4

1 4

2 10

Comptroller.

Patent.

2 6 4 6 1 6 1 10 s —

— 6 — 6 — 6

1 —

— 9

r 1 1 7 1 — - 8

---- ii|

---- Ilf

----- ni

ni

ni

3

3

ii

6

— 6

6

ii

ii

ii

ii

i{

6

6

6

— 6

Deputy and Clerks

1 —

2 2

2 2

- 6

----2

----2

----2

----2

— 6

— 9

— 9

— 9

Searcher.

Patent.

— 4

— 4

Deputy and Clerks.

I — 1 —

os

o

h:

o\

o

o

o

oo

o

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Pees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every -Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Coast and other Sufferance -

Bill of View or Sight - - - .

Ship’s Register ——

For endorsing a Ship’s Register -

For calculating the Amount of the Duties, and filling up the Certificates of Discount on Payment of Tobacco Bonds, each -For filling up every Plantation Bond and Certificate -

For drawing out every Duplicate of Certificates for Goods shipped to Ireland -For every Foreign Cocket, without Bounty Linen -

Foreign Cocket, with One Species of Bounty Linen -Foreign Cocket, with Two Species of - - D* -

Foreign Cocket, with Three Species of- - D* - -

Irish or Isle Man Cocket, without Salt Irish or Isle Man Cocket, with Salt Debenture for Salt - -

Debenture for One Species of Bounty Linen Debenture for Two Species of - - D*

Debenture for Three Species of - - D*

Debenture for Corn, for the Bounty

Portage Bill, if under £-5 -

above £. 5 -

{Taken into the King’s Warehouses

Re-packed, and delivered out of the King's Warehouse -.For copying every Entry for British Goods (returned) Inwards -For clearing every Vessel to Foreign Parts, except to the West India Islands -For clearing every Vessel to Ireland, or the Isle Man -

For every Jerquer’s Certificate -

Certificate for Wool or Bay Yam imported from Ireland

Total usually paid on eack Instrument

or Occasion.

— 4

1 4

3 —

2 —

1 6

4 2 — 6 7 6

10 6 12 — 1 6

1 10

1 --:

2 6 3 6 4 6 2 —

5 —

— 3

— 3

— 6 1 8

— 10

— 4

— 2

For the Use of what Officers.

Customer.

Patent.

-----2

8

8

>eputy and Clerks

— 8 2 4 1 4

1 - —

3 6

— 6

- Comptroller

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

2

8

— 1 6

— 26

- 3 6

5 per Cent. — 5 — ----3

----3

----6

O'

Searcher.

Patent.

6

6

6

6

1

1

Deputy and Clerks.

1 6

3 —

4 6 6 —

— 6 — 10 1 —

a

— to

— 4

— 2

Attested by us,

H. Hamert Deputy Customer. C. Rigby, Deputy Comptroller. 8. Colquitt, Deputy Searches

'L%Li fr 'tumw£

— -- w w jl or all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their Deputies and Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o

o

o

OG.

?r

o

to

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For every Entry Inwards or Outwards to Foreign Parts, or Coastways

Permit or Sufferance -

Special Sufferance to discharge at an unlawful Quay

Pill of View or Sight -

Linen Debenture ——

Portage BiH, where the Amount does not exceed £.5. - - - .

exceeding £. 5.

Licence for importing Wool from Ireland -

Entry of Foreign Goods exported -

Bill of Health ——

Certificates f Whale Ship Outwards for the Bounty -

for a \ - D° Inwards -

For every Bond taken in Collector’s Office -

Certificates for a Herring Vessel fitted out for the Bounty -

For every Protection for Greenland Sailors -

Com Debenture- ——

Linen Debenture - -

Duplicate for Salt exported to Ireland -Officer’s Oath of Admission into Office -Filling up Certificates for Removal of unmanufactured Tobacco, each

For examining the Endorsements of Tobacco Entries Outwards, each

For drawing up every Ship’s Entry Inwards -

every Representation of a Mistake made in a Ship’s Fjitry For drawing up Affidavits for Rum or Sugar, uncertified, from the British West Indies, each ——

For every Ship’s Entry Outwards to Foreign Parts - -

For making out every Affidavit relative to Damage on Goods imported For examining every Entry for Payment of Duties on Tobacco bonded upon Importation ——

For every Bond for Bugle or India Goods exported -

Package of India Goods delivered out of the Warehouse -Package of other Goods delivered out of the Warehouse -Certificate to discharge Bonds for India Goods -For examining every Entry for Coffee exported, where the Quantity does not exceed 50 Casks -

exceeding 50 Casks -

For every Certificate and Affidavit for a Mediterranean Pass -

examining every Over Entry -

For examining evqry Certificate of Damage -

For every Bill of View or Sight -

For attending the Discharge of a Foreign Vessel, on a Holyday, or before or after the legal Hours of Business -For attending the Discharge of a Vessel at an unlawful Quay -For attending a Vessel when transhipping Cora ----?

Collector.

----2

----2

----8

----8

5 per Cent. — fi-

ll!

Colletc*

Clerk.

Collect*

Clerk,

— 5 — 6

— 5 —

— 7 10*

6

n*

6 3

— 10

10

1

1

1

2

or 2 —

Collect

Clerk.

Collect . Collect Collect" Clerk or Land* Land* I Coast

Clerk. Clerk. WarehQ Keeper. Surv". Waiters. Waiters.

— 2

— 6

2 —

— 2 —

----6

2 ioi

— - 6

~ 3

2 —

1 — 2. —

_ 6 —

1 —

1 —

— 26

is 6 11 —

— ie 6

Jerquer.

►§£3

If

11

27 Geo. III. 26° Jmuarii.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which suclj l ees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For admeasuring and examining a Greenland Ship intended for the Bounty, mustering the Crew, and making out the Certificates -D* — at her Return from the Fishery -For attending the Discharge of a Vessel from Foreign Parts, on an Average. For small Quantities of Goods in Vessels from Foreign Parts, as under; viz*, every Cask of Sugar, Rum, Ginger, Pimento, Calves Velves, Tallow, or Glue - - - _ _ - _

every Cask of Coffee, Cocoa, Tobacco, Wine, or Oil -every Ton of Dying Wood, Iron, Lime Stones, or Flint Stones every Bag of Cotton, Barrel of Ashes, or Box of Lemons every Ton of Corkwood, Hemp or Flax -

every Ton of Linen Yarn -

every Package of Linen Cloth -

every 500 Quarters of Corn - -

every 20 Casks of Provisions -

every 100 Ox or Cow Hides -

every 20 Packs of Bay Yam -

every Certificate of the landing of Bay Yam from Ireland For every Coast Sufferance Outwards

in Consideration of Attendance

Vessel Outwards, Coastwise

'given at Times and Places not

Vessel Inwards, Coastwise

J required by Law.

For every Jerquing Note for Ships from Ireland or Isle Man, when required Jerquing Note for Ships from other Places, when required For registering every Addition to a Ship’s Entry -

in the following Proportion: — If the Portage Bill is under £ 1. — is. 6d. is received; from £.1. to£.1.10. — 2 6d.; For a Portage Bill; from £.1.10. to £.2. — 3$. 6 from £.2. to £.2. under £. 20, \ io$. — 4$. 6d.; from £. 2. io. to £.3. 10. — 5 from

\£-3- JO- to £.5. — 6j. 6d.} from £5. to £8. — 7 6d.;

wrom £. 8, and upwards, ioj. 6d.

Portage Bill, when it has amounted to near £. 20, sometimes -Certificate of the Particulars of Goods imported (when required)

For producing the Books, when a Merchant desires to see an Account of Goods imported -

Collect'.

S3

J - "o

3T3

Collect1*

Clerk.

Collect*

Clerk.

Collect'*

Clerk.

Collect"

Clerk.

Collect"

Clerk.

Collect" Clerk I or Warehouse Keeper.

Land* Surv".

W

2 2 2 2

Land*

Watters.

Coast Waiters.

3 3"

----3

----6

----3

----1

----6

-----6

1 1 —

-----6

- 1 -

-----6

-t-

Jerquer.

<t

<S

"geo

t* G

o

— 6 1 — — 6

fromi to 10

1 1

— 1

6

6

Sc L % fl) K

I M

00

— - !

g

eg'

r+

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

so

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For clearing Inwards a large Vessel, from Foreign Parts, at an unlawful Quay, &c. - -

small Vessels, each -

Tide

Surv".

° 8 I

.2

«'Sc^s x*

O O "O / 12 £ ' ? a rt'5

; "? <R CT

e

w

o c

O *

u s

e *{ *-"

For every Foreign Cocket -

f D®, with One Species of Bounty Linen - -

D®, with Two Species of Bounty Linen -D®, with Three Species of Bounty Linen -

Cocket to Ireland or Isle Man -

to Ireland or Isle Man with Salt -Debenture ——

Debenture, with Two Species of Bounty Linen -D®, with Three Species of Bounty Linen - -

For clearing Vessels to Foreign Parts, except the West India Islands, each -Clearing Vessels to Ireland, or the Isle of Man, each -For every Jerquers Certificate -

Certificate of the Landing of Wool or Bay Yam from Ireland For the Delivery of every Load of Goods out of the Yard on Holydays For the Delivery of every 20 Packages of Coffee, &c. out of the bonded Warehouses -

For the Delivery of every Cask of Coffee or Cocoa out of the Warehouses, to be sent to London ——

For loading and lighting every Hhd. of Tobacco, Sugar or other Goods, Bale of linen, Load of Candles or Soap, Bag of Hops, or Load of Lead loading and lighting every Barrel of Rice or other Goods, or Chest of Tea -

loading and lighting every Pig of Lead, or small Chest of Tea -loading evei^ other small Paekage -

re-packing into Butts, and loading, every Bale of India Goods re-packing into Puncheons, and loading, every Bale of India Goods For attending the Discharge of a Vessel from Foreign Parts (except Com Ships).....-....

jor___

io 6

5 —

2 6

Compt*

Search",

Yard Keep’ and Locker, for Coffee, &c.

n

is

SH

l 6

3 —

4 6 6 —

— 6 — 10 — 6 l — l 6 i 8 — 10

— 4

-- 2

-----6

— 2 —

ji

so

Weigh* Porters in the Custom House Yard.

CL 8 I*

flQ-2

<d

----4

---- 8

U*

<L>

I|

-SP*

Weighing Porters on the Quays.

~ 5 ~

Riding and Preventive Officers

Tide Wait" and Boatmen.

Register of the Tide YY".

Noon

Tenders.

o

w

o

> ft

ra

.8

Os

o

g

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts. Oo

PRES T O N".------- Member of,

\ _

Port of Preston._______An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks } distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

a

to’

N'

CD

a.

a~

o

o

n

Total usually

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called paid on each

Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. Instrument

For every Customable and Store Entry, Inwards and Outwards, each Coast Ships Entries, Inwards and Outwards Post Entries, and Entries under Value Coast Bond -

Coal Bond - - - _

Certificate Outwards to discharge Coast Bonds D* - - to discharge Bonds for Wool from Ireland D* - for Goods going by Land Carriage -Debenture -

Certificate for Damages -

D° - - for Portages -

Register of Ships -

Certif. Inwards from London, with Goods from Ireland D° - - to discharge Coast and Coal Bonds D° - - from Ireland, with Linen Yarn, &c. -Coast Ship’s Entry, Inwards or Outwards Invoice ——

Outvoice -

Foreign Ship’s Entry, Inwards and Outwards -Permit -

t R*ll Money (this includes the first Articles)

Foreign Cocket....

Irish Cocket ....

or Document.

— 16

— 1 6

----4

----4

---- 8

— 2 3

— 12

— J 2

— 1 8

----8

----8

----8

----4

----4

— — 4

— — 6

— — 6

— 1 6

— 21

-----4

----4

— 6 —

1 —

For the Use of wlmt Officers:

f Customer. Comptroller. \ Searcher.

r Patent. A Deputy and Clerks. Patent. A Deputy and Clerks / Patent. Deputy and Clerks.

8 6 4

mm m 41 — — 8 8 2 6

- 8 8 8 - 6 6 — 1 —

1 1 1 1 < 1 1 l 1 1 1 1 1 1 a 1 1 1 1 a 1 1 1 8 8 8 2} 2 i 2 3 3 3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i if if 3 3 3 m m

- — 1 4 i 2 - 8 f 2 — 6 —

— 1 —

The? Fenton, Dr Cust’. John Thomas, D. Comp’. /. Gosnelly D. Searcher.

a 6° Jmmrii. A. 1787.

o

to

Port of Preston.- Ar) ACCOUNTof all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collecr. Collecr* Clerk. Surv?or their Clerks. Land* Waiters. Coast Waiters. Riding Officers. Tide Survrl. Wareh0 Keepers. Jerquers. Weighing Porters* Noon Tenders.

For every' Foreign Entry Inwards ---- Foreign Entry Outwards Master’s Report Inwards ----- Master’s Report Outwards ----- Special Sufferance to land Gruff Goods at an illegal Quay, and Extra Attendance on Holydays and Over Hours - - 2 — 1 — i i — i i — No Fees. No Fees. None. None.

Extra Attendance on Holydays, and Over Hours, at a legal Quay, on a Foreign Ship - -- -- -Coast Sufferance Inwards ----- Coast Sufferance Outwards ----- £ i i i Fenton. — io 6 J. Gosnell. — io 6 J. Gosnell. J. Gosnell. J. Gosnell. J. Gosnell. T. Fenton.

a

w

o

O

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

O

o

to

o\

P O U L T O N.------ Creek of Preston.

Port of Poult on.------------ An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by thp Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use, such

Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as Well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, ol every Description or Denomination whatever. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers:

Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

r Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerks.

For every Customable and Store Entry Inwards and Outwards, each 1 6

Coast Entry Inwards and Outwards ---- — i 6

Post Entries, and Entries under Value ---- — — 4 - 2 - 2

Coast Bond - -- - 4| - 4 i

Coal Bond ——

Certificate Outwards to discharge Coast Bonds - 2 2 - - - 8 - 6 — 1

D* - - to discharge Bonds for Wool in Ireland - — 12 8 - 6

D° for Goods going by Land Carriage - — 12 - 8 - — — 6

Debenture - — l 8 - 8 1

Certificate for Damages - -- -- - 8 - 8

1)° - for Portages - 8 - - - 8

Register of Ships 8 1 - - - 8

>§»!?. o 75 2

tl»|

o*

O

o

c§

ft

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description or Denomination whatever.

For every Certificate Inwards from London, with Goods from Ireland J)° - - to discharge Coast and Coal Bonds -D° - from Ireland with Linen Yarn, &c. -Coast Ships Entry Inwards and Outwards, each

' Invoice....

(Xu t vo ice.....- .

Foreign Ships Entries Inwards and Outwards, each Permit ——

-4* Bill Money (this includes the First Articles)

Foreign Cocket -

Irish Cocket -

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

4

4

4

6

6

6

1

4

4

6 —

1

For the Use of what Officer*.

r Customer*

Patent. / Deputy and Clerks.

- 2

- 24.

- 2i

- 3

3

- — — 3

- — 1

2

Attested by us, J. Bisbrcwne, Depy Cust'.

Comptroller.

Patent.

Deputy arid Clerks.

It

u

H

3

3

3

8|

2

2

No D. Comptroller at this Port yet appointed.

Searcher.

Vj

"N 0\

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

— 6 —

J. GomeU, D. Searcher.

Port of Poultou.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or-Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collectr. Collect'’ Clerk.' Survey', or their Clerks. Lands Waiters. Coast Waiters. Riding Officer. Tide Surv", Warehouse Keepers. Jerquers. Weighing Porters. Noon Tenders.

For every Foreign Entry Inwards ---- Foreign Entry Outwards ----- Master’s Report Inwards ----- Master’s Report Outwards ----- Special Sufferance to land Gruff Goods at an illegal Quay, and Extra Attendance on Holydays, and Over Hours -Extra Attendance on Holydays, and Over Hours, at a legal Quay, on a Foreign Ship ----- Coast Sufferance Inwards Coast Sufferance Outuaids ----- - 2 2 2 6 1 1 — — 106 1 1 — — 10 c 6 6 No Fees. - No Fees. - No Fees. None.

1 J. Bisbrcwne. J. Gosnell. J. Richmond. J. Richmond. H, Lamb. J; BUbrowne. R. Harison. None.

Ok

1

00

o

o

o

oo

fT

♦0

N* 36.

FEES and ALLOWANCES to be paid to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs and Subsidies, in the Port of Kingston upon and the Members and Creeks

thereunto belonging.

upon^HuU* } ^Pon Business over Sea.

a

w

o

For every Entry Outwards, for the Cocket -For every Transire, the like Fees -

If an Alien’s Ship -

If but One Entry for the whole Ship Loading, then Double Fees.

For every Entry Inwards -

If an Alien’s Ship -

If but One Entry for the whole Ship’s Loading, then Double Fees. For every Alien’s Ship coming loaden for her imployment 7 For every Ship clearing beyond Sea -

For every Alien’s Ship the like -

N

N

Upon the Coast Business.

For every Cocket granted - -

If any prohibited Goods in the Ship, Double Fdes.

For the Bond taken for Delivery ----- For every Certificate brought for the Discharge of that Bond

To the King's Customer and Comptr, equally amongst them. To the King's Searcher.

— 34 — 3 4 — 6 8 6 — 2 — — 4 — 2

| - S? 1 1 4 — 13 4 — 6 8 — 13 4

~ 3 — — 1 —

6 6

To the King’s Customer and Comptf, equally among them

2 4 2 6

1 — - 4 3 4

To the King'-s Search'.

1 —

— 6

For every Transire

For every Certificate granted

To the Clerke.

For every Ship at her clearing beyond Sea -

For every Ship, First Entry Inwards - -

For every Alien’s Ship, First Entry - - - - -

Signed by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, dated 17 May 1662.

E. Turner. Cler. Dom. Com.

This is a true Copy of the Original, signed by Sir Edward , Kn*.

Exd per me, Robert Mason.

Ex" W.

Custom House, London,

5th August 1785.

I do hereby certify that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the Books in my Office, of the Original Table of Fees for the Port of Hull and Members, as transmitted by the principal Officers at that Port, on the 31st August 1709.

IIV. Stiles, Secretary.

OS

o

r?.

HUL L.----- Head,

Port of Hull.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks, distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose

Use such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

00

CD

o

o

QO_

7T

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Entry Outwards -

D° - - D* - if Alien’s Ship or Goods -

D* - - Inwards - - _ _ . _ . _ _

D° - - D® - if Alien’s Ship or Goods -

N. B. If only One Entry for the whole Ship's Cargo, Inwards or Outwards, then Double Fees.

For every Alien’s Ship, coming loaden for his Employment -every Ship clearing beyond Sea -

every Alien’s Ship - D° - D* -every Cocket granted Coastwise *

If any prohibited Goods in the Cocket - -

For every Bond taken for delivering Goods Coastwise -every Certificate for discharging the Coast Bond every Transire - -

every Certificate granted - "

every Ship’s Report, Inwards -every Alien’s Ship, First Entry -every Foreign Ship laying on - *

every British Ship - 1)° -endorsing a Coast Cocket . -

granting a Second Return -every Ship entering Coastwise, Inwards -

every Sufferance granted for Ships arriving Coastwise, to deliver up the Rivers every Ship entering Inward, or clearing Outward, on a Holyday, extraordinary every Addition to a Master’s Report -

every Special Sufferance granted to deliver at an illegal Quay every Sufferance granted for Passengers Baggage -

every Bill of Sight granted -

every Bill of Health granted ——

every Debenture for Bounty and Foreign Goods exported -every Damage and Over Entry allowed -

every Portage Bill allowed, it the Amount be Five Pounds -every D° - D® - - if under the Sum of Five Pounds

Total usually For the Use of what Officers.

paid on each instrument Customer. Comptroller. \ Searcher.

or Occasion. Patent. \ Deputy and Clerks. / Patent. \ Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerk*.

— 2 2f - - i if ... 2 —

— 10 8 — 4 5f - — 2 24 - - — 4 —

— 1 4 8 4 — — 4

1 10 — — 8 11 — 2 24- — 4 5 — 1 if — 13 4

— 12 8 - — 2 2 - — 1 4 — 6 8 — 2 6

1 18 - - 3 8-f - — 1 if — 13 4 — 2 6

— 2 — — 1 5F — 1 — 7f

— 1 —

— 1 — 8 - 4

— 1 — 4 - 2 6

— 45 — 1 64 ii® 9f if — 1 —

— 34 — 1 8 24. 10 ,f 6

— 310 - — 2 84 - — 1 if

3 4 - — 2 24. - " 1

~ —

_ g — 1 6 . _ _ *» m 6

— 26 - — 1 lo± m 7i

— — 6 - 6 \

— 1 6 - j — — 6

— 2 6

1 " 1 1 '

1

— 16 — 2 — — l6

— 2 6 - — 26 *

6° Januani, 1787.

O

r*

40

o

o

o

ft

every Certificate granted of the Duties being paid on Importation -

every Seaman's Protection granted for the Greenland Fishery in Time of War every Plantation Certificate - -

every Certificate to cancel a Plantation Bond -

every Ship’s Register - -

the Endorsement of a Ship’s Register -

every Ship w orking on a Holyday - - - -’ -

every Ship arriving from the Greenland Seas with Fish

every Entry passing for Foreign Goods on a Holyday -

every Warrant to deliver Deals, Timber, &c\ without the Limits of the Port

weighing and shipping Lead, Lead Shot, and Allum, for every-ioo Tons

D° - and - D® - Copperas, per Cask

every Debenture certified - -

— l —

— 36

— 2 —

— 5 —

---6

---6

- TO "6

— 5 —

— to 6

----3

— 1 3

- I

— 3 6 — 2 —

- — 5 — 6

g — 10 6

— 5 —

« . M m m »

Attested by us, Nich* Wight, Dr Custom'. Smith, Comp'

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Addition to a Ship’s Report -

Bill of Health....

D* of Sight- -

Bond for a Greenland Ship -

D® - for Goods exported -

Cancelling D° -

Certificate Entry -

D* - Plantation -

D® - to cancel a Plantation Bond -

D° - for Goods damaged, if Sum allowed be small D* - for Goods - D° - if Sum allowed be large Debenture for Foreign Goods exported, if Sum paid be small -

D° - for - D® - - - D° - if Sum paid

be large - -

D° - for Bounty Goods, if Sum paid be small

D' - for - D® if Sum paid be large

I)° - for Drawback payable by Excise, if Sum be

small -

D® - for - D° - D° - D® - if Sum be

large -

Greenland Ships for Dispatches Out and Home (Bond 1 /6, as above excepted) -

Portage Bills, if Sum paid be small -D® - - if Sum paid be large -

Collector’s Clerk. Surveyors, Landing Waiters. Tide Surveyors. Coastwaiters. Boatmen to Coastwaiters. Weighing Prters.

Collector. and their Clerks. Gauger. / Inwards. A O Awards

— 3 6 — 26 — 1 6 — 1 6 - — 2 6 — 1 3

— 2 .6 — 5 — — 3 6 — 1 6

— 5 — — 26

1 "; } — 26

— 5 — — 2 6 — 10 6 -J: :> — 2 6

1 1 09 VO :) — 2 6 ®

1 1 — 5 — — 10 6 :} 1 to 10 to o> 1 — 106

Tide Boatmen. Waiters,

Boatmen

to

Searchers

In-Door

Keeper.

Q

M

o

— 10 6

— 1 3

Draper Dring, Dr Search'.

Port Hull.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their

_ i.! -- — . — f'l_l.„\ 1 I . 4 1 i. I — 4 . \ I - llfknl I-lllPln/inn rv r* ln/\nilnnAn4 nn/1 f Un I Ion A f lUnT f .« niUna D n m n t n b l.V — - - n n f

Os

o

I.

SO

Jrs3?3

o gfg ? g|»s

Fn Sf

g

fsi’

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

OQ

rT

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Protection to Sailors on Board Greenland Ships granted in Time of War

Register for a Ship bound to Plantations - -

U"®rance Jor a 3hip to deliver, without Limits of (delivering Port)

D " for D - to unload at an illegal Quay -

D* - for - D° - to load Coals on a Deposit made -

I>° - for Baggage to be brought on Shore ----- Wine Oath -

Coal Warrant - - - -’

Coast Clearance, from i /. to 2/. Average -----_

Entry passing on a Holiday -

Ships Report both Inward and Outward -

D* - - Foreign and Coasting, clearing on a Holiday -

Wool Permit ——

Every Ship Foreign, working on a Holiday -

Delivering Iron and Hemp, for every 100 Tons

— 76

— 10 6

— 26 6 6

n

Tar, Flax, and Linseed, for every Last -Yarn, for every Fatt - - " .

D* and Linen, for every Bale -

Wine and Spirits, for every Pipe and Puncheon -old Rags, for every 100 Bags -

Deals, Harts Horns, and Staves, for every 1,000 -Timber, for every 100 Loads -

Bristles, Oil, for every Cask -

Smalts, Tallow, and Madder, for every Cask -Smalts, if in small Casks -

Ashes, and Saccharum Satumi, for every Chest, and Cotton Wool, for every Bag -

Clover Seed, for every Bag -

Wainscots, for every 100 -

Spruce Beer, for every 100 Kegs - - , -

For every Ship after Delivery....

Clearing Ships Inwards, under the Burthen of Two hundred Tons -!)--]> - - of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons and

upwards

For attending the loading and delivering Coasting Vessels, of the Burthen of 60 and under go Tons For - D® - - D* - - D* - - D* of the Burthen of 90

and under 140 Tons For - D* - - D® - - D* - - D* of the Burthen of 140

Tons and upwards

D°

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

Collector.

2

7 10 2 2 2

— 6

Collector's

Clerk.

1

— 2 6

1 1

2 1

2

— 61

6 6

— 1 6

Surveyors and theii Clerk.

1 —

2 6

5 —

Landing

Waiters.

— 1 3

— 2

— 2

5 3

10 6

— 1}

— 6

— 11

— 3 6 6 6

— 3

— il 1

— 6

— 1

— if 2 — — 5 —

Gauger.

---41

Tide Surveyors

Coastwaiters.

Inwards

Outwards

-5 —

10 6

Boatmen to Coast-waiters.

2 6 36 5 —

— 26

— 36 -5-

Weighing

Porters.

I--6

— 26

— 3 —

Tide

Waiters.

— 3

— 5 —

Boatmen,

Boatmen to

Searchers

-----6

In-Door

Keeper.

00

Q

i6° Jamariu A. 1787.

- -, — — M I 1 I I f

a

o

eg.

?T

<5

o

For every Vessel arriving with Wool, and delivering at this Port -Extra Attendance, for every Hour - -

Allowance for Provisions, per Day -

For every Foreign Ship clearing Outwards -

For every Sufferance for shipping Goods Coastwise, passing on a Holiday For preparing the lllue Books granted for the Use of the Landing Waiters and Tidesmen, the Donation of Mailers of Ships - -

For Extra Trouble in going of Errands, Donation of Merchants, Owners, and Masters of Ships, at Christmas -

For summoning the several Officers to receive their Salaries each Quarter

s

V.

Iuftruraents, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

to

For granting Permits for the Removal of Wool -

For granting Sufferance for D° - - D°

For - - D° - - D* - - for shipping Goods, &c. Coastwise -

For attending the Delivery of Coals and Goods stranded, per Day For attending as occasional Landwaiter to Ships delivering from Foreign Parts ——

On the Delivery of every Vessel from Sea, for endorsing the Warrant On the Delivery of every Vessel from Hull, for the Sufferance Endorsing Warrant for Delivery of Coasting Vessels, and granting^ D° Coastwise -

For granting Certificate for Tobacco and Snuff - -

>3

Co

ba

Surveyor of the Humber.

- 6 l — i —

£ s*

CQS

-i

s

Riding Survey".

r----

At

Hornsea.

2 6

5 -

g I

gi

Af

Efloughter.

6

6

£*.§>

Riding Officers.

At

Sea Thom.

2 6

5-

g.fe

.S=3

At Patrington.

2 6

5 -

H

a?

At

Grimsby.

-6

m

to 6

-8 I

3

O)

55

"S

S®

B

Preventive Officers.

r

At

Abro\

2 6 5-

Ji

At Barton.

-6 2 6 i —

5 § q -5

— l —

----3

co

r

— l —

r

— I —

O

a;

--6

--6

- l 6

--6

3

o

w

o

Coastwaiters.

York.

— 2 —

-1

— 6

At

Gainsbro

{t02/6|

If

At Stockwith.

1 —

hi

<4

At Roecltf.

— 1 —

R

At Selby.

1 —

— 6

2 —

1 — 1 —

— >

At

Louth.

-----6

-6 .

*r

sSg

e *

These Officers are stationed along the Coast, and up the Rivers, at a Difiance from, but within the Limits of the Port: The Collector and Controller having stated the Difficulty of obtaining their several Signatures to a General Account, were directed to procure from them separate Returns, and transmit them to the Board of Customs; the above Account is made out from those Returns, which are subscribed with the Names above mentioned.

Custom House, London, J. Dailey, DT Supervr of the

4th March, 1786. Recr Gen1’Payin'*.

OO

|?1 §

g cr rt s

« o' P"

>2 tag

n a <» s:

3y?f

ie»S

F o’ cr

g

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

oa_

ft

u

Port of Grimsby.

Grimsby. — Creek of mu.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguistnng for what Business or Document, and for whole

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

OO

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers.

Customer. Comptroller. A _

Patent, Deputies or Clerks. \r Patent. Deputies or Clerks.

£ S. d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

For every Cocket - -- — 7 2 - - — 5 to - - — i 4

Report Inw4*, British Ships - - — — 4 - - — — 4 -

Report Inw4*, Foreign Ships -

Return Outwards ----- - — 3 4 - - - — 2 6 - - io

Entry Inwards, British Ships - — 8 - — — 6 - - 2

Entry Inwards, Foreign Ships - - — l 4 - - - — 1 2 - - 2

Employment - -- -- - - 1 10 — m - - 1 5 6 - - — 4 6

Foreign Ship clearing ----- 1 8 6 - - - 1 l — - - — 7 6

Vessel clearing upon a Holiday* - - — i - — 8 - - — — 4

Permit for Wool ----- — 6 - 6

Day attending the Delivery of Ships from Foreign Parts - - — - l 6 l M o>

Jet Galland, D. Custr. Jri Gregg, D. Comptr.

BRIDLING TO N.------- Member of

Port of Bridlington.-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for

whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

OS

o

InAruments, Document#, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

For every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards -

Entry, and Report of a Ship Outwards Coast Sufferance Inwards or Outwards Coast Cocket Outwards -

Certificate brought to discharge the Coast Bond -Transire Outwards -

Ditto brought -

Certificate granted to discharge Coast Bonds

Endorsement on Coast Dispatches -

Entry (Imports) -

Master’s Report Inwards in Ballast -

Bond of Employment on a Foreign Ship

Holiday Fees for entering Inwards or Outwards -

£ s. d.

— 4 4

— 4 4

— 4 6

— 34

— i 4

For the Use of what Officers.

r

Cultoiner. — 'N-

Patent. \ Deputy and Clerks.

£. s. d.

- 2 2}

— 2

— 2 4

----4

1 io£

- 8

r

Comptroller.

_____

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

£- S. d.

— 1 If

— 1 It

— 1

2

2

----- lit

-----4

__________________ vier,. f.M Wliirl. t rr

Atteiled by Us, TVilliarnson, Dr Custr.

1,....

r

Searcher.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

£. s. d. ----1 6

-----6

-----4

00

Jnr Waters, D7 Comptr. T* Kendall, D. Searcher.

o

o

o

o

k©

..... , I . / ..... __ /....

_____________ X OT all JKees usually taken by the several Officers* of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Inftnsments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Poundage on Coals to a 1,000l. Duty- - perCent.

Poundage - upwards to the End of the Year -

Poundage on Seizures sold at this Port, per £. - -

Poundage on Enumerated Goods sold at London, per £.

Drawing the Indenture of Appraisement -

Fees on Ditto ——

Allowed for Travelling on Crown Account -

Coal Metage (per Winchester Chalder) - ....

Extra Attendance in measuring Coals, per Ship, paid by the Master -Extra Attendance in discharging Ships from the Baltic or Norway, per Ship, paidl by the Matter - -- - - - _j

For clearing such Ships, per Ship, paid by the Master -

For clearing a Coasting Vessel at extra Hours, per Ship, paid by Matter -For every Coal Entry, paid by the Master -

When on Board a Ship from Foreign - - - per Diem -

For every Coal Security -

Collector.

£. s. d. 2 — -

— 13 4

----4

- — 2

- 7 6

- 13 4

- 6 8

s

b

3 O

D. Comp.

£. s d.

1-----

— 6 -----3

— 13 4

£ § S3

Surv’’. Laud* W uitr. Coast Waiter. Tide Waiters. Boatm". Coal Meters.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d £. s. d. £. s. d.

— 5 — 1 . to 1 ' 1 1 . to 1 1 1 , "i 1" 1 1 !

1 to 1 cr> — 16

Th‘ Kendall, Surveyor. Percival Bedell, Land Waiter. Percival Bedell, Coast Waiter. John Wilson, Tide Waiter. Frari Webster, Boatman. Ja‘ Watson, Coal Meter.

Hiding

Officers.

A ppraisr* of seizures.

a

w

o

£ s. d.

I?

— 5

I J'2

ttj Q.

„ Q* & <

S

SCARBRO.-

-Member of Hull.

Port of S

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies and Clerks; dist for what Gufmefs or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are. taken, as well what are Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. called i. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers.

r — Customer. Comptroller. \ Searcher.

Patent. Deputy and Clerks. r Patent. 'I Deputy and Clerks. / Patent. Deputy and Clerks

£. S. d. £. $. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

For every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards . - 1 - 8 - - 4

Import Entry ---- 2 6 — 1 10 - - 4 - - 4

Master s Report of his Ship Inwards, in Ballast - 1 . - „ - — — 8 - - 4

Bond of Employment on a Foreign Ship - - . - - 1 3 10 - - 6 — i - - — 4 5i - - — 13 4

Coast Sufferance Inwards or Outwards 2

Entry and Report of a Ship Outwards, to Foreign. - - - 1 1 — - - — 7 - - — 3 4 - — 10 8

Coast Cocket Outwards ----- - - - — 5 10 _ — . — 3 21 - - — 1 7r - - 1

Certificate bro* to discharge the Coast Bond 4

Transire Outwards - — 3 8 ' - . - — 1 9* - - — — . 10^ - - 1 -

Ditto, brought ---- 1 - — _ — 8 — m - - _ 4

Certificate granted to discharge Coast Bond - - - _ 3 6 . - - — . 2 — - . — 1 - — w 6

Endorsement on Coast Dispatches - 1 4 . - — — lOf - - — — 5 i

Holiday Fee for entering In\vd* or Outwards u - - - — 2 6 10 1 1P

00

CM

Attested by us -I John Robinson, D. Comp',

[ JV" Williamson, Depr Searcher.

n 3 n O ? O r*

ErlS ?? ?

g

CQ

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

O"

o

o

GO

Port of Scarbrough.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the fcustoms at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clarks) distinguishing for what Bufinefi or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer, or other Persons, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

OO

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Poundage on Coals, to 1,000l. Duty, 3 per C. -D# - on the Surplus of 1,000 /. to the End of the Year Poundage on Seizures sold at the Port, per Pound D° - on Enumerated Goods sold at London, per Pound Drawing Indenture of Appraisement -

Commimoner on D*

When travelling on the King’s Business, per Day Metage, per Chaldron -

Extra Attendance, per Ship -

Extra on Board of Ships from the Baltic, per Ship At the clearing such Ships -Extra, clearing a Coaster when Holiday, &c.

Warrant to deliver Coals -Day Pay on Ships from Abroad -Every Coal Bond - -

of. r,

— 13 4

-----4

-----2

~ 7 6

— 10 —

— 68

Coir.

1 —

*S«

K

Coll"

Clerk.

Surv",or their Clerks.

£. s d.

£. s. d.

— 34

10 6

> > 1 I. 1 3

I C/D

1

Land1

Waiters.

— 10 6

§\.

IS

K

4

CoastWaitr*.

£. s. d.

5 s

ll

g°

Wait" dr Search".

Tide

Surv".

Ware-

house

Keeper.

Jerquers.

Weighing

Porters.

Noon

Tenders.

Coal

Meters.

£. 8. d.

£. s. d.

— 26

|s

li

Tide

Wait".

— 26

~53

— 1 6’

S *-

1 a

Appraisr*.

£. s. d.

— 5

.ye

q a

£. 8. d.

— 68

-----3

- — 1

- 10 —

Comptr.

g a,

s i

© O

"1 ®

s?

ss

r4*

3

00

'HDIMSdl ffS . , *6Vi

<5

o

Fees and Allowances due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs and Subsidies in the Port of Ipswich, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging.

*4

Q

in

o

ENGLISH FEES.

Imprimis, for all Ships Entries English, and Strangers in and out -Item, for all Entries Inwards by Englishmen Item, for all Cocquets over Seas of Englishmen Item, for all Bills of Stores, and Allowances for Engliffimen -

Item, for all Passengers over Sea for Warrant -Item, for all Searchers Fee, for all English Ships lading or unlading - -

Item, for all Coast Certificates -

Item, for all Port Bonds -Item, for all Discharges for all Goods unlading

Item, for all Trunfires....

It an, for all -Let Pafies - -

Item, for filing and discharging all Port Bonds -Item, the Signet of all Transires -

Whole Fee. Customer* Comptroller. Searcher.

£. s. d. £* s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

— 1 4 8

—— 2 — — 12 — — 6 — — 4

~ 3 10 — 110 10 — 1 2

— 2 — 8 6 8 8 6

- 1 10 — — 8 — — 6 8

— 1 — — 1 —

— 2 — — - 1 — . 6 6

— 2 10 — 1 6 8 8

— 3 — — 1 — — - 1 — — 1 —

— — 4 — — 4

~ — 4 - - 4

STRANGERS FEES.

Item, for all Entries Inwards -Item, for all Cocquets over Sea -Item, for all Bills of Stores -Item, for all Bonds of Employment Item, for all Warrants for all Passengers Item, for the Searcher’s Fee, for all Strangers Ships loading and unloading -Item, for all Ships laden with Salt, English, or Strangers, to the Searcher One Bushel.

Item, upon the Sight of all the Cocquets of each Ship or Vessel which cometh into the said Port -

Whole Fee.

Customer.

s.

3

6

3

2

1

- 6 8

-----4

d.

1 ' 6

2 8

1 —

2 —

- 6

Comptroller.

Searcher.

d.

JO

4

2

1

— 6

d.

8

6-

-----4

And all Fees 4'* Jacobi, still to be taken iir the Creeks and Members, for all Goods exceeding Five Pounds in the Book of Rates,

Will. Goldsborough, Cler. Dom. Com.

Signed by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 17 May 1662.

Edward Turner.

T do hereby certify, that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Table of Fees dor the PorC of Ipswich and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging, as transmitted by the principal Officers at the Port, on the 12th June 1786.

to

Ov

t

S

Cullona House, London^ 10 August 17861.

J. Dailey.

OO

Cjnt

— -o Z?

I P S W I C H.-H E A D PORT.

OO

o

o

o

rT

Port of Ipswich.*

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their ^Deputies or Clerksj diffin&ujiluxAg ^or Bufiuefe or a»d for whose User such

Fees are paid, exclusive of Stafnps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

ENGLISH FEES:

JFor every Ship’s Entry English, and Strangers Inwards and Outwards -

For every Merchant’s Entry Inwards, by Engl id) men -

For every Cocquet over Sea, of Englishmen - -

For every English Ship’s Report Inwards and Outwards -

For every Coast Cocquet ——

For every Port Rond filling up - -

For every Coast Certificate of Return -

For filing and discharging all Port Bonds - .

For every Special Sufferance, for shipping or unshipping Foreign Goods Inwards or Outwards, at an unlawful Quay -

For every D° Coastwise ——

For every 12 Packs Wool, shipped at an unlawful Quay -

For entering or clearing any Vessel Inw ards, Outwards, or Coastwise, after lawful Hours, or on Holidays - - - - . - _ -

For every 20 s. of the Amount of Sale of condemned Goods -

STRANGERS FEES

For every Merchant-'s Entry Inwards - -

For every Cocquet over. Sea -

For every Ships Report Inwards and Outwards

TOTAL

usually paid on each Instrument] or Occasion.

For the Use of tyhat Officers.

Customer.

Patent.

£. s- d. £ 8. cl.

— 2 — — - 1 4

— 2 — — 1 2

10 — 1 10

— 4 — - -

— 1 10 — — 8

— t - — 1 —

TT- 4 — — 4

6 *

— d - -

1 — -

1 —

— 3 - -

— 3 1 6

— 6 — ' 2 8

— 6 8

Deputy and Clerks-

£. s.

Comptroller.

Patent. S Deputy and Clerks.

JO. 8. d. £. s. d

OO CC 11 11

10 -

- - ~6 -

6 6

’ — — 4 3 8

— — 10 r.

— 1 4 - 9B

Searcher.

Patent.

£. s. d.

---4

— 12

— 4 —

— — 8

- 8 2 — 6 8

Custom II*,

ii August 1785.

Attested by us, Tho’ FolkaD. Customer.

J. Spald, D. Comp'. J. Brown, fy* Searcher.

Deputy and Clerks.

£. 8- d’

Os

Q

3:

OQ

Port of Ipswich.----- Am ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Custaras &t this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officers or other Person, such Fees are paki, exclusive of Staqnps. '«

o

lO

a

9

O

O

N

O

S

Co

s

to

Instruments, Dociauents, or Services, for which such Fees, are takes, on any Occasion whatever.

For every Merchant’s Bill of Entry Inwards - -

For every Wool Permit -

For every Penult for carrying Goods from this Port, not passing through open Sea -

For every special Sufferance for.shipping or unshipping Foreign Goods Inwards or Outwards, at an unlawful Quay -

For every D°Coastwise -

For every 12 Packs Wool, flopped or unshipped at an unlawful Quay -For every Oath on Merchants Goods, paying Duty ad Valorem, and on every Wine Entry ——

For every 20 s.of the Amount of Sale of condemned Goods -

For every Wine Entry -

For entering-or clearing any Vessel Inwards, Outwards, or Coastwise, after lawful Hours, or on Holidays - -

For every Coal Warrant ——

For every Warrant for Goods imported or exported (free Goods excepted)

For every Ship clearing over Sea ——

For every 1 o Quarters Corn, imported or exported -For every Ship clearing Inwards from Foreign Parts -

For attending Goods shipping or unshipping to or from Foreign Parts on a Holiday ——

For every imperfect Warrant for Goods imported or exported (free Goods

excepted) - -

For every Pipe Wine gauging at an unlawful Quay -For every Load Timber measuring, from Foreign Parts -

For attending every Vtilel laden with Deals from D°, at an unlawful Quay For attending every Coalt Vessel loading, and Sufferance - -

Collr,

Coll Clerk

£. s. d __ — 6 ______C

— 1 -

----8

----4

J

" r°

£ * d-

1 — 1 —

Jhi

Survr#, or their Clerks

Laird*

Waiters,

Coast Wait1*.

£. s. d.

1 -

— 6

2 — ’1 — 21

— 26

>13

£. s.

1 4

-----8

-----4

- 5 —

- 1 ---

- — 3

- 10

£. $. d.

Waiters and Search1 \

£. 5. d.

— 2 —

Cl

Custom II®, if August, 1785.

Tide 5ur*,#

W arehousa Keeper.

&. d-

i.-

£. s. d.

— 10 6

Jerquers.

Weigh*

Porter*.

£. -y, d.

£‘ s d'

oon

Tenders.

£ h rf-

Thd Folkard, Coll'.

J. Spalding, D. Compt'.

S?

3;

»Hf

OO

<1

V

S> 8 *2!

It*!

r ?>*

g

to'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

<S

?T

'Port of Co

COLCHESTER.------- Member of #«wcA.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishitig for what Bufinefi or Documents, and for what

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments> Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. TOTAL usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Lfe of what Officers.

f Custo mer. Comptroller. \ Searcher.

✓ ~~ . - , Patent. \ Deputy A Clerks. r Patent. Deputy A Clerks. r Patent. \ Deputy A Clerks.

£ * d- £. s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. £. s. d.

For every Matter's Report of his Ship Inwards - C. 6 — — i 4 — l 4 -8 8 4 — 4 —

Entry of a Ship Outwards - -- -- - — 3 io 110 lO 10 — 1 2 12 12

Report of a Ship Outwards - -- -- - — 6 — — i 4 — 1 4 — — 8 8 ... — 4 —

Special Sufferance for landing at an illegal Quay - Nil.

Every Coast Sufferance Inwards or Outwards - 1 6 6 g 6

Every Entry Inwards and Outwards, by Engliffimen - - - — 2 — 12 — 12 6 — — 6 4 4-

Every Coast Certificate - - -- -- - — 2 10 — i 6 - — I 6 8 8 8 8

Every Let Pats - -- - . - , o . — l — — l — — l — — i — — i — — i —

Every Port Bond - - -- -- - — i _ i —

Filing and discharging every Port Bond ---- 4

Every Discharge for all Goods unlading ---- — 2 — — l — 6 6 6 6

Attested by us.

Th‘ Wikhire, Col\

Jrt fVhiley, D. Comp', Tho‘ Edsall, D. Searcher.

Port of Colchester. — An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

to

3

oo

OQ

U

,o\

o

V

1.

Inftnuuents, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collr. Collecri Clerk. Surv11 or their Clerks. Landing Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Searchers. Tide Surv". Warehouse Keepers. Jerquers. Weighing Porters. Noon lenders-

For every Entry Inwards and Outwards ----- Every Coast Sufferance Inwards and Outwards -Every Coast Certificate - - - - -Every Pipe of Wine landed at an illegal Key, by Special Sufferance. £. s. d. — i 6 6 — l 6 £. s. d. m £. s. d. 6 6 £. s. d. £. s. d. 6 £. s. d. 6

3 *

Th' WiU Coll'. Tim9 Shorey, Last Stirvr. Th* Edsnllj LandWuitery Will, Alilam, Coast Waiter. W- Smith, Waiter bvarch.r, % \ -t m

OO

-4

o

o

00

n

o

t*

4

♦V>

H A R TV IC H.------- Member of Ipswich*

Port of Harwich. An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for

whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

<1

O

w

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.-

For all Ships Entries Inwards and Outwards, English and Strangers all Entries Inwards by Englishmen -all Entries Inwards by Strangers -all Cockets Oversea by Englishmen -'all Cockets Oversea by Strangers -all Coast Certificates -

all Discharges, Goods unlading -

all Let Passes Outwards

all Bills of Stores and Allowances for Englishmen - -

all Bills of Stores for Strangers all Transires ——

all English Ships, laden or unladen -

all Strangers Ships, laden or unladen -

all Port Bonds ——

filing and discharging all Port Bonds - -

all Warrants, for all Passengers Baggage - -

all Ships Reports, Inw'ards and Outwards -

extraordinary Attendance in clearing a Ship or Vessel on Holiday, and at Hours not required by Law -

.extraordinary Attendance on Holiday, and at Hours not required by Lats, in clearing Oversea Foreign Gold and Silver Coin, as stated to the Honourable Board by the Collector and Comptroller’s Letter from hence, dated 24 May, 1766 -

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

2 — 2 —

3 — 3 10 6 — 1 10

3

2

2 10

4 — 6 8 1 —

— 4

— 6 — 8

For the Use of what Officers:

Customer.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

l 4

1 2 1 6

1 10

2 8

— 8

1 — - 8 1 — 1 6

— 4

— 6

Comptroller. ^__________

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks

— 8 — 6

— 10

— 10 1 4

— 6 — 6

1 — — 8 1 — — 8

Searcher.

Patent.

o

*1

N. B. Since the Year 1752, the Deputy Customer has allowed the Patentee, by mutual Agreement, 14 Annually, the Deputy having received all Fees, &c\

----- The Deputy Comptroller pays his Patentee Ten Pounds per Annum, in lieu of all Fees, notwithstanding

the Patent Fees do not amount Annually to £. 20.

----- The Deputy Searcher always paid the Patentee £. 11 per Annum from his Appointment until the

Year 1783, but receiving Orders from the Honourable Board, " That Deputies were to be allowed Twenty Pounds per Annum on the whole Fees," nothing has been paid to the Patentee from that Time, as the Fees did not amount to £. 20.

---8

— 1 3

-4 6

Attested by us,

JV. Crowder, Dep7 Cust*.

A. Runnacles, D, Jr Comp*'. James Ptilham, D, T Searcher.

Deputy and Clerks.

— 4

— 8

1 2

2 — — 8 — 6

1 —

— 8

— 8

4 —

6 8

*► g W

« 3 j» s

is3*.

T n

On

o

if.

00

VO

I ?! ?-

B cr r» 3

P 5? &

Port of Harwich.----- An A C C O UN T of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at Axis Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what 11 u si ness or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps. \©

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

O

o

For all Permits Inwards -

all Let Passes Inwards -all Ships Reports Inwards and Outwards all Coast Cockets Outwards -

all Permits for the Removal of Wool -all Discharges of Port Bonds -all Passengers Warrants for Baggage -

For every Entry of Goods Inwards, not wrote by the Merchant;

which seldom occur For every Coast Sufferance for shipping Goods Outwards, not wrote by the Merchant ——

extra Attendance on Holidays, and at Hours and Places not required by Law, on Passengers who receive a Warrant for examining their Baggage; of some Six Pence, of others very seldom more than One Shilling, being a voluntary Compliment ——

extraordinary Attendance in clearing a Ship or Vessel on Holiday, and Hours not required by Law -all Cockets Oversea for Gold and Silver Coin and Bullion, extraordinary Attendance, Holidays, and at Hours as well by Night as by Day, writing Merchants Entries, Endorsements, tilling up Bills of Laden, as stated to the Honourable Board in the Collector and Comptroller’s Letter, dated 24" May 1766 -

all Coast Sufferances Outwards, attending the shipping Goods, and Endorsement of the Quantities shipped -all Coast Sufferances Inwards, attending the Landing, and Endorsement of the Quantities landed -all Coal Warrants for Coals delivered at Harwich, attending at Times the Delivery by the Meters, signing their Books, and examining and measuring the Coal Bushels all Warrants for Goods imported, attending the landing, gauging, measuring, and tallying, &c\ the several Articles imported ——

For

Collector.

1 — 1 —

1

3

’ Collector’s l Clerk.

1 —

2 —

-----6

— 1 3

- 4 6

Surveyor*,or their01erk*<

if Short, if long.

— X

— 1

Landing

Waiters.

Coast

Waiters.

ralters and

Searchers.

Tide

Surveyors.

Warehouse. jerque». Keeper. 1

WeighF

Porter-

Si tier.

o

on

o

in

<1

00

o

o

o

00

i-or all Warrants for Goods exported, attending the Shipping, and doing requisite Business in what may be exported -<1 Every Last of Corn, when exported at Manningtree, attending the ° true Measure thereof; out of which Allowance I pay my Journey and Expences Out and Home, being Twelve Miles -

Every Load of Timber imported at Manningtree, measuring, marking, &c\ and Copy of the Dimensions, to the Importer, inclusive of Journey, &c*. as above - -

1 —

— 6 — 3

The above are all the usual Fees that have been taken by me as Land Surveyor and Jerquer, except such for extraordinary Service done, at Times and Places not required by Law, by virtue of the Act 6th and 7th 3. Chap. 7, which are uncertain, such as attending the Delivery of Merchants Goods (except for Corn and Timber) imported and exported at Manningtree, Twelve Miles from Harwich, inclusive of Journey ——

Expences, &c*. examining Passengers Baggage, a Compliment is made, by some 15. o d.some 2 s. 6d. according to the Rank of the Person, and Hour of the Night or Morning called up, which is voluntary -

It has been the Custom many Years past, for the Land and Coast Waiter at Harwich, to share with the Land Surveyor, so that they are equal.

flf a Day \lf Three

and Half Days

1 1 —

ill 6

For all Ships and Vessels attending their Laden Outwards all Ships and Vessels attending their Cnladen Inwards -clearing Ships Inwards, after discharging their Cargoes from Foreign Parts ——

For all Ships and Vessels attending their Laden Outwards -all Ships and Vessels attending their Unladen Inwards -

<1

O

W

o

1 —

1 —

Custom House, Si 2d Sept'1785.

k

ts

b

o

I.

0-0

f.

Si!

sfJ

.S 2 £

sS § tb -o ‘5 S § §

J S'*

c-S

2?

o

Si. S’

S3 s

I u

{£ ft v

A

.5 4

Jjci — +* &

3

VO

M A L D 0N.-Member of Ipswich.

Port of Maldon. An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use ofwhat Offices.

Customer. Comptroller. — Searcher.

patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerks. r Patent. Deputy and Clerks®

Lett Passes with Cocket and Bond - D* - - per Transire D' - per D® - Half Fees Coals, Ships Entries, and Certificates Coast Certificates to discharge Bonds - Ships Entries Inwards, English - Ships Entries Inwards, Strangers Ships Reports and Cocket Oversea -Merchant Entries - — 5 9 — 4 — — 2 6 — 4 — — 2 6 — 2 .6 . — 4 — . — 8 — — 2 — — — 6 — 6 ' 3 .6 6 3 - A: —; — 8 Attested — 2 .7 — 1 5 — . i l — i 5 ID — — 8 — .1 5 — 2 ip 8 (John H I by us,< In* Ar{ Jtt Dr 6 4 3 4 3 3 , 4 8 - 3 nite, Collr and gent, D. Comp' aper, 1). Search 9 -5 9 5 1 — 5 Dy Customer, er. 5 4 —: — 2 4 4 8 — " 9 8 8 4 '4 OS 8 ® " ‘ 4 V 1 3;

o

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

Port of Maldon.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs, at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive ot Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Collector’s Clerks. Surveyors, or their Clerks. Landing Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiter and Searcher. Tide Surveyors. Warehouse Keepers. . Weitihins! Jerquers.l F()Jteis. Noon 'lenders.

Sufferances for Shipping Goods - - - -Searchers Fees for all Strangers lading or unlading - :: Nil. — 68 Isaac Vines. Nil.

John White, Collr.

J/f Argent, I). Comp'.

'--J

D

IQ’

i I

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

o§

rT

o

p

iP-

LEI G H. — Creek of Maldon, but generally included in the List of Out Ports.

Port of Leigh.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document,

and for whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Talent Tees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For all Lett Passes Coastways, with Bond and Cocquet

For all Coast Dispatches by Transire, Whole Fees

For all - - D® - - by D° - - Half Fees

For all Coal Ships Entries and Discharges -

For every Certificate for all Goods unlading

For every Return or Certificate for cancelling Coast Bonds

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

5 9 4 — 3 6 4 6 2 — - 6

For the Use of what Officers.

Customer.

Patent.

6

6

3

6

6

Deputy and Clerks.

2 11

i 6

» 3

i — — 6 — 3

Comptroller.

Patent.

6

6

3

9

3

Deputy and Clerks.

8

6

9

9

3

if

Searcher.

Patent.

G

6

3

9

3

8

6

9

9

3

if

ITT. Coll'.

Attested by us, < Stef Collins, D. Comp'

\JVm D. S.

Port of Leigh.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

or their Deputies or Clerks;) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

w

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collectors. Collectors Clerks. Surveyors, or their Clerk. Landing Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Searchers. Tide Surveyors. I Warehouse Keeper. Jerquers. Weighing Porters. Noon Tenders.

Nil.

o

M

o

Deputy and Clerks.

on

o

5$

2:

N. B. — As no Fees whatever are taken here, but Patent Fees, the above Account for this Port is Nil.

IV. King, Collr.

Stef Collins, D. Comp'.

SO

Us)

I -1 s

§ £ 4 2

CS- ST

N* 38.

VO

te*-

A COPY of the Table of Fees received by the Officers of this Port, and the Members and Creeks thereof.

PORT MILFORD.

For a Port Cocquet Outwards - -

For mu king a Bond to the King’s Majesty For a Cocquet with Merchandize beyond Sea -

But if an Alien -....

For every English Entry from beyond the Sea -

For every Alien’s Entry from beyond Sea

For every Entry Inwards for the Port -

For every Certificate granted for claiming Coast Bonds

For every Let Pass granted -

For filing every Certificate to the Bond -

For Sight of every Cocket for a Ship that breaks Bulk

For Sight of every Alien’s Cocket on Board

OS

c

Signed, by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, dated 17th May 1662,

jE. Turner.

Goldsborough,

Cler. Dorn. Com.

I do hereby certify, that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the Books in my Office, of the original Table of Fees for the Port of Milford, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging, as transmitted by the principal Officers at that Port on the 5 th Sept'

sj

00

Custom House, London, lothApgust, 1786.

TV. Stiles,

Secretary.

oo

o

to

g

(Q

r — h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

?T

MILFORD.------ HEAD PORT.

Milford.--An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document,

and for whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Port Cocket Outwards -

Cocket - with Merchandize beyond the Seas But if an Alien - -

For making every Bond to his Majesty’s Use -Filing every Certificate to such Bond *

For every English Entry from beyond Seas -Alien’s - Ditto -every Entry Inwards- Coastwise -

every Certificate granted for clearing Bonds - - v

every Let Pass granted....

every Master’s Report of Iris Ship Inwards - -

Entry of a Ship Outwards -Report of a Stop Outwards -Aliens double.

Special Sufferance to land at an illegal Quay - »

for a whole Cargo -Every Coast Sufferance, in or out ----- Register ——

Bill of Health.....-

Vessel forced over Sea with Coals -

Over Entry Certificate -

Damage Certificate -

Portage Bill -

Debenture -

Certificate -

Duplicate ——

Plantation Certificate -

For extra Attendance at Times and Places not required by Law From one Port to another Port, Coastwise -From or to any Part in Ireland, Guernsey, &c\ -From or to any of the Plantations, or any Foreign Parts From any Foreign Kingdom to another Foreign Kingdom Aliens double.

Total usually For the Use of what Officers.

1 paid on each Instrument: Customer. p i Comptroller. Searcher.

or Occasion. Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy ami Clerks.

_ — - 5 10 2 8 |"! — - 10 — 1 — _ 6 — — 10

- — 5 1 ’ — 2 8 mm m — 1 — — — , 9 — 8

- — 8 4 ' — 4 -JL- — 2 " — ' — ~ 1 — 1 4

-: — l — 1 ' -

~w — — 1 4 4 ' 6

- — 2- 3 — i — - — — 6 — — 3 — —

— n O 6 — 2 — ... — 1 — — — 6 — 1 — -

w — 1 6 6 - — 4 - - — 8

— 5 6 — 1 10 — — 8 — — 6 — 6

- — -i- 8 - 6

- — 2 - — 2 —

' — 1 - — 1 —

— 2 — — 2 —

_ 2 6 «, . - - - — 2 6

1 1 6 6 1 1 —

_ 2 — . b 2 6

— 2 6 — 2 6

- — T 6 — m / 1 6

— 1 2 6 m m m _ . - — 1 2 6

— — 6 m m mm - 6

— t 9 - . - - — 1 9

— — 9 - m M - — — 9

— 1 6 — 1 6

— 3 9 - - mm m - — 3 9

- — — - mm. - — - — Ir —

- — — 4 — — 4

- — l 4 — ‘ t 4

- . — 3 4 ' - - m + - - - - ~ 3 4

—— b 8 — 6 8

f T.Booth, Dy Customer. Attested by us, { T. Tucker, Dr Comptroller.

[ Cha' Tucker, D. Searcher.

<1

o

frj

O

fV

o\

o

S?

r*:

vo

in

S 14 5

gcSS

D £ 3

r» m

f o ar

VO

ON

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

rT

Milford. An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use ot what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o'

a.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Collector’s Deputy or <- ieik. Surveyor. Landing Waiter. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Searchers.

For every Port Cocket Outwards - 6

Cocket with Merchandize beyond the Seas - 9

an Alien ----- — 1 3

making every Bond to His Majesty’s Use -

— — 3

an Alien - - - - 6

Special Sufferance to land at an illegal Quay - — 26

a whole Cargo - - 1 1 —

every Register - - — 26

Bill of Health ---- m — 26 -

Vessel forced over Sea with Coals - — 7 6

Over Entry Certificate - m

Damage Certificate - m — 26

Portage Bill ---- m 6 -

— 10

j 9

Duplicate m — 1 6

Plantation Certificate - m 3 Q

Coast Certificate ---- m 0 y

extra Service, at Times and Places not required by Law — , 1 — l6 — 6 8T 5 1 5 "1

Endorsement on every Sufferance or Permit m per Diem. / per Diem, j per Diem. / , __

Harry Child,

J. Adams, Collector. Deputy at Noulton and Ben. W J. Sykes. Chef Tucker. T. William, J. Picton-

- Littlehaven.

p

os

3.

00

sr ./ je j*

1

oo

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q.

C7

O

fr"»

♦a

Haverfordwest, Port of Milford.

HAVERFORDWEST.----- Creek of Milford.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

a

w

O

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are usually taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description or Denomination whatever.

For every Port Cocket Outwards -

making every Bond to His Majesty’s Use

filing every Certificate to such Bond

every Entry Inwards Coastwise -

every Certificate granted for clearing Bonds -

every Let Pass granted -

every Coast Sufferance Inwards or Outwards -

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

— 4 6

---4

— l 6

— 3 —

— 3 —

— l 6

For the Use of what Officer:

Customer.

r

Patent.

— 28

----4

----6

— 1 10

— 1 10

----3

Deputy and Clerks.

Comptroller.

r* Patent. S Deputy and Clerks.

8 -

3 -

Searcher.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

-----10

-----6

-----6

TENB Y.------- Creek of Milford.

{O. Edwardes, I)y Customer. Rob1 B. Trust, Dy Comptroller. John Williams, D. Searcher.

Tenby, Port of Milford.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business, Documents, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

as

o

w

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, a» well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Total usually paid »n each Instrument or Occasion.

For every Port Cocket Outwards -

making every Bond to His Majesty’s Use -

filing every Certificate to such Bond -

every Entry Inwards, Coastwise -

every Certificate granted for clearing Bonds - every Let Pass granted ——

Sight of every Cocket of a Ship that breaks Bulk -tq Sight of every Alien’s Cocket on Board -

Sq From or to any of the Plantations or Colonies Abroad, or any For* Port nh From any Foreign Kingdom to any other For" Kingdom -tc From any Port in Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, &c\ — Every Alien double Every Coast Sufferance, Inwards or Outwards -

n For extra Service, at Times and Places not required by Law - ‘ -

5 4

l —

— 4

l 6

3 — 3 ~

— 4

l —

3 4

6 8

1 4

— 6

2 -

For the Use of what Officers:

— — ’S

Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

Patent. Deputy and Clerks, Patent. >1 Deputy and Clerks / Patent. Deputy and Clerks

— 2 8 6 10 — 1 — - 10

8

— 110 - 8 - — — 6

r i — 34 — 6 8

— J 4

- 3 - 3

- — i — - - 1

{Rob'Reed, Dy Customer.

fVmSmyth, Dy Comptroller. T. Williams, W. and S'.

VO

— 1

>2

1 ?1 ?

F o

ABE R Y S T IV

-Member of.

Port of Aberyslwith.-

SO

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose OO

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Por every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards Cocket of a Ship beyond the Seas -- Cocket Outwards -Let Pass Outwards -

Every Certificate granted, clearing Coast Bonds Every Entry Inwards -

Every Coast Sufferance Outwards -Every Foreign D*

Sight of every Alien’s Cocket on Board Filing every Certificate to the Bonds

Total usually paid on each instrument or Occasion.

— 2 —

— 4 4

_56

— 3 ~

— 3 —

— l 6

---6

---6

---4

For the Use of what Officers:

Customer.

Patent.

1 --

2 8

3 8

1 10

1 10

— 6

-----4

Deputy and Clerks

-----6

-----6

Comptroller.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

Searcher.

Patent.

- 6 l — I — 8 — 8 — 4 —

----8

---- to

----6

----8

Deputy and Clerks.

Attested by us, Pierce Evans, Deputy Customer.

John Pierce, Deputy Controller. Chal Griffith, Deputy Searcher.

Os

o

Port Aherystwith.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not bein

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

O

(Q

n‘

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Collector's Clerk. Surveyors or their Clerks. Landing Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Searchers. Tide Surveyors. Warehouse Keeper. Jerquers. Weighing Porters. Noon Tenders.

— 6 3 4

Charles Griffit,

Tide Surveyor,

Waiter and Searcher,

Collector. Coast Waiter, and CO

Riding Oliicor. ^4

Jcdtti Janes, Colle ctor.

Waiter a nil Searcher, {'.tnist U iiifrr, ami JUlJJitl' C>>i< KVT.

CO — 1

o

Port of Ca

CARIUGA N.----- Member of Mlford.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what’ Business or Document, and for whose

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

O

to

o

Instruments, Documents, ot Services, for which such Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For a Port Cocket Outwards....

making Bond to His Majesty’s Use -

Cocket with Merchandize beyond Seas -

D° - - - - for an Alien -

Entry Inwards ——

Entry from beyond the Seas - -

D° - - - - Alien -....

Certificate granted for clearing Bond -

Let Pass granted ——

filing every Certificate to the Bond -

Special Sufferance to land at an illegal Quay -

D# - - - for a whole Cargo - -

No other Fees than the above are taken by the Patent Officers or their Deputies, at this Port, for any Service whatsoever; nor do any other Instruments or Documents but the above occur in the Course of Business here.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

— 5 "

— 1 —

— 9 io

— l 6

— 4 —

— 3 — 3 —

— 26

1 1 —

For the Use of what Officers:

r~

Customer. Comptroller.

Patent. Deputy and Clerks. r — Patent. A Deputy and Clerks.

— 2 10 m - - 12 «.

— — 1 3 — — _

- 5 8 - — 2 6 -

6 - 6 -

6

— 2 — - — 1 — -

— 1 10 - 8 -

1 10 - 8 -

4 — 26 1 1 -- IV P . c uthbert, J. Bi Keen,

Deputy Customer. Deputy Comptroller.

Searcher.

r

Patent.

-----10

— 1 8

-----6

-----6

----6

-----6

Deputy and Clerks.

Dan. (! rn/nn, Deputy Searcher.

K>

0\

o

55

Si

3.

o

o

00

o'

Port of Cardigan.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs, at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the l:se of " hat Officer or other Person, such l ees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Collector’s Clerk. Survey'*, *>r their C lerks. Landing Waiter?. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Searchers. Tide Surveyors. Warehouse Keeper. Jerquers. Weighing Porters. Noon Tenders.

For every Endorsement on Sufferance Outwards - - - - Extra Service, and Times and Places not required by Law - For a Permit with Goods (of any Kind) from Creek to Creek, within the Collection For Service or Attendance at Hours not required by Law, or on Holidays - No other Fees than the above are taken at this Port, for any Service whatsoever, nor do any other Instrument or Document but the above occur in the Course of Business here. JV.P.C Collt 6 6 'uthbert, ;ctor. - D. Gz Landinu t Wui per Diem. cyrwe, ind Coast ter. — 5 - per Diem. ' -

1

Collector.

VO

VO

0 -3 =>

1 %

E er r+ &

8 S

o a

F S' p*

LLANELL Y.-Member* of Milford. '. g

Port of Llanelly. AN ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose - O

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. called Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers:

/ Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

( Patent. \ Deputy and Clerks. ✓ Patent. \ Deputy and Clerks. r Patent. \ Deputy and Clerks.

Entry of a Ship Outwards -

Report of a Ship Outwards - - - — 2 — — 1 — - 6 mm m 6

For every Coast Sufferance Inwards or Outwards -

D* - Report Outwards - mm - — 4 — — 2 — - 1 m m m -, - |

D° - Sufferance Inwards or Outwards - - _ 2 — - — 1 — — 1 -

Cocket with Merchandize beyond Sea - — 4 4 — 2 8

Alien’s D° ----- 7 4 — 4 —

Coast Cocket Inwards, and Return granted - — 4 2 — 2 4

Coast Cocket Outwards - - - — 5 10 — 4 — - — 1 — - 10

Let Pass Inwards - - — l 2 6 - 4 - 4

Let Pass Outwards ----- - — 3' — — 1 10

Morris Howell, Dy Customer. Th& Bowen, Dy Compt'. , Morris Howell, ty' Searcher.

ON

Port of Llanelly.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o

(Q

N

CD

Q-

cr

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Collectors Clerk. Survey", or their Clerks Landing Waiters. Coast Waiters. Waiters and Searchers. Tide Surveyors. Warehouse Keeper. Jerquers. Weir fiinr i*OI trlb Noon rentiers.

For every Culm Certificate ------ Vessel forced over Sea with Coals ----- J Bill of Health attending the shipping or landing Goods, and endorsing Warrants C*3 & in Morris Hmcell, Collector. " M 1 oJ 1 - — 1 — -V. s q *<1 00

<1

o

i®

CAR MA RTHEN.-Creek of

Port of Carmarthen.---- An A C C 0 U N T of all Fees

usually taken by the Patent Officers of this Port, their Deputies and Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for what Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers:

/ Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

Patent. N Deputies and Clerks. Patent. Deputies and Clerks. / Patent. a Deputies and Clerks.

Port Cocket Outwards - -- - — 5 — 2 8 10 — 1 — 6 10 NiL

Making Bond to His Majesty’s Use - 1 — — 1 —

Filing Certificate to such Bond ——

Entry Inwards Coastwise - -- - 6 - 4 8

Certificate to clear Coast Bond - -- — 3 6 — 1 10 3 8 3 6

- 8 1 6

Coast Sufferance in and out - 3 1

a

w

o

Os

Custom H*, Llanelly, 14th October 1786.

True Copy of Carmarthen Account,

S*

Morris Hvwellx Collector.

Tho* Bowen, Deputy Comptroller.

o

cq'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

CO

vp

10

O

£Si?g s ys ?

a 2 " 3

F o ?

>2 »►*) n - a

11 a Z3 3. ft a &

N* 39.

u

A TABLE of the Fees and Allowances due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Pert of Poole, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging; agreed between the Merchants and said Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of Poole, and confirmed by Vote and Order of the House of Commons, dated 11th April 1670.

Imprimis, For Entry of every Ship Inwards and Outwards -For every Master’s Report on Oath Inwards and Outwards -For every Merchant’s Single Entry Inwards or Outwards For every Merchant’s Entry, in Company, or by several Marks For every Cocquet Inward and Outward, under Bond -For every Certificate from Port to Port, Transire, or Let Pass

For filing every Return on the Cocket aforesaid ——

For clearing every Ship Foreign bound -

For every Pack, Truss, or Fardill, of all Sort of Goods or Merchandize Inwards or Outwards ——

For every Passenger Inwards or Outwards, except Merchant or Mariner -

For every Bond of Employment for Aliens Money -

For every Warrant at View, for landing Goods -

For every Certificate for Repayment of Port Custom Inwards -

For every Victualling Bill ——

For every Bill of Store -

For visiting every Foreign Ship’s Coquets, in and out, Wind-bound and loaden -

Every Foreigner, not Freeman, to pay Double Fees.

£ s.

1

3

4 3

8

4

4

4

4

----6

— 2 —

— 2 4

— 2 —

— 2 —

— 1 8

— 3 4

IV" Goldsborou, Cler. Dorn. Com.

Customer.

£ s. d.

----6

----8

— 1 4

----2

1 — 1 — 1 — 1 — - 8

IV" Goldsborough, Cler. Dora. Com.

Comptroller.

£. s. d.

---6

---8

— 1 4

— 2 —

— r 6

---2

----1 8

I Pm Goldsborough, Cler. Dora. Cora.

Searcher.

£ d.

-----4

-----8

-----4

-----2

-----6

-----4

----4

— 3 4

IP" Goldsborough, Cler. Dom. Com.

Item. The Bushellage of Corn and Salt imported, payable in its Kind, according toT To the Customer One Bushel.

Custom; viz. To the Comptroller One Bushel.

Out of every Ship or Vessel ----- -J To the Searcher One Bushel.

TV" Goldsborough,

Cler. Dom. Com.

Resolved, &e. That all inferiour Ports, or Members, shall pay the same Fees with their respective Head Ports, according to the respective Settlements, and no other.

Wm Goldsborough,

Cler. Dom. Com.

c*

o

r*-

I do hereby certify, that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the Books in my Office, of the Original Table of Fees for the Port of Poole, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging, as transmitted by the Principal Officers at that Port, on the 27th of August 1709.

IP. Stiles, Secretary.

Custom House, London, loih August 1786,

00

MW WIIOIUIUCU

uy me jrrmcipai vjmccra at Uiut 1’ort, on the 27th ot August 1709.

»v» uit 1 ui 1 ui ruuit*, and the Members and Hr, Stiles, Secretary.

Custom House, I,on(\on, loth Auftttrtt 1 7

o

to

POOLE.----- HEAD PORT.

Port of Poole.-An A C C 0 U N T of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for what Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent l ees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

O

(Q

r+

N

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

For every Ship’s Entry Inwards or Outwards -

Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards or Outwards -Merchant's Single Entry Inwards or Outwards -Merchant’s Entry, in Company, or under several Marks Cocket Outwards Oversea, Single -

Ditto - Half Fees -

Cocket Inwards or Outwards, Coastwise -D® - - D* - - Certificate Fee - -

1)" - D® - - Certificate 5 Fee -

Coast Sufferance Inwards or Outwards -

Return filed to cancel Coast Bonds -

Ship or Vessel cleared, Foreign bound -

Pack, Truss, or Fardle, of all Sort of Goods, Inwards or Outwards Passenger Inwards or Outwards, except Merchants and Mariners Bill of View -

Bill of Store -

Debenture for Repayment of Duties of Customs or Coals -D® - - - D® - of Excise -

D° - for Bounty Goods, except such as are exempt from Fees by Law ' ——

Victualling Bill -

Certificate for Ships trading to the Plantations -

Bill of Health....

Duplicate of Entry annexed to Debentures delivered to be paid in London -

Certificate and Oath for Goods entitled to Drawbacks -D® - - for Goods out of Time -

Registers for Ships trading to the British Plantations - -

Certificate from Port to Port, Transire, or Let Pass -D* - - Half Fees

Bond of Employment of Aliens Money - -

Bond filled up-

For visiting every Foreign Ship or Vessel in and out, Wind-bound and leaden ——

For every Ship or Vessel that takes in Salt for the Newfoundland Fishery -

1 —

1 6

2 2

4 4

3 10

2 2

4 4

3 4

1 8

— 6

1 6

1 2

— 6

2 10

1 8

2 6

— 6

6

2 —

3 — 1 —

— 6 — 6 _ 6

3 — 3 4

1 8

2

— 10

3 4

2 6

For the Use of what Officer*:

Customer. Comptroller. A Searcher.

r \

Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerks.

6 m k» . — — 6

1 — — 6

8 6 8 ... 4

— 1 4 — 1 — — 1 4 - 8

— 1 6 6 — 1 6 - 4

9 6 ’ 9 . — — 2

- - . — 2 — ... 4

— 1 6 - — 16 . 4

9 - 9 m m m 2

6 n 1 -

a

—— 1 — 6 — . 4

8 ... 8 ... 4

1 6 — 1 —

- 6

_ 6

1 - - - — 1 —

- - - f 1 1 r i ;z

m m m mm* 6

... 6

... 6

— 1 - - - — 2 —

l6 - — 16 - — — 4

9 - 9 . 2

— - 1 —

— ID

— 3 4 — 2 6

> 2 S3

*"4

O

w

o

n 3/t

g -oi§ <» Fir S-

D

OS

o

1

D

O

ml

Is5

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

For the Use of what Officers:

Custoomer.

g

eg'

r-H

n'

CD

Q.

cr

For every Ship or Vessel, that takes in a general Cargo of Merchandize of considerable Value, bound to any Foreign Part -D* ----- - with Merchandize of less Value

For examining the Contents of every Cocket Outwards Oversea, for Merchandize, ship’t by Persons not Owners of the Ship For every Merchants Entry, Inwards or Outwards, Foreign, on Holiday,

or not in legal Hours....

Ship or Vessel clearing Outwards Oversea, D*

D" - - - Reporting Inwards from Foreign Parts, D*

D* - - - Clearing Outwards Coastwise, D° -

D# - - - Entering Inwards Coastwise, D° -

N. B. The Bushellage of Com is usually received by the Patent Officers in its Kind, viz. One Bushel each out of every Ship or Vessel.

N. B. From the above Fees, received by the Patent Searcher, he allows One Third to his Deputy.

N. B. Exclusive of the foregoing Fees, the Officers receive Gratuities from the Merchants, under the Act of 6th and 7th William the Third, for attending at Times as well as Places not required by Law, on sundry urgent Occasions, at the landing Goods out of Ships wrecked or stranded on the Coast, and at the landing and re-shipping Goods out of and into Ship putting into the Port in Distress to refit; which Gratuities are more or less, as the Merchants and Officers agree, and are generally regulated by the Difficulty attending such Services, and the Nature of the Attendance required, and according as the Merchant is accommodated, viz.

N. B. Every Foreigner, not a Freeman, pays Double Fees.

O

o

c§

?r

o

From 1 o'/6J to £. 1 1 -

5'/to 10

i*/to lO'/ft1 — 2 —

From 12/6 to £5 15

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

1

2

1

Comptroller.

Patent.

Searcher.

o

Deputy and Clerks.

Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

6

6

From

5'/*0 £.3 3

From 2’/6j to£. 1

11 6

From tor/6<fto£. 11 — From 5*/ to io‘J6d

from \‘f to

Attested by us,

J. Lander, D. CustL R. H. Weston, D. Comp*. J, Courtin, D. Sear*.

o\

o

a.

From 5’/ to £. 1 1

OO

Port of t*.

A C: C O TT N 'J' of *ill loos ns.mllv I

t

» »«/4| f. #. r 1>*HI -

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

F)

o

Port of Poole.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their

Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Offior or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

D

G

M

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, and on any

Occasion whatever.

Collector.

For every Cocket Outwards Oversea, Single -

D° -.....- - - - - Half Fee -

Victualling Bill -

Bill of Health -

Warrant whereon a special Sufferance is granted to land or ship Goods at an illegal Quay - -

N- B. Every Foreigner, not a Freeman, pays Double Fees for all the above Documents.

For every Debenture for Re-payment of Duties of Customs, Coals or Excise D* — - for Bounty Goods, except such as are exempt from Fees by Law ——

Duplicate of an Entry annexed to a Debenture delivered to be paid in London ——

Certificate and Oath for Goods entitled to Drawback

D" - - - ----- for Goods out of Time - -

Certificate for a Ship trading to the British Plantations Register for - - D* - - D* -

Permit for removing of Wool by Land Carriage -For surveying a Ship or Vessel, as Surveyor of the Act of Navigation For surveying a Ship or Vessel, and granting a Certificate to obtain a Mediterranean Pass -

For attending the unloading a Vessel at an illegal Quay, when there is a Necessity for the Land Surveyor to attend with the Landing Waiters For clearing a Ship at Brownsea, Wareham, or any other illegal Place of unloading, according to the Distance from Poole -For every Pipe or Butt of Wine imported for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for Casks of a less Size -

Ship or Vessel from Newfoundland discharging at an illegal Quay, according to the Quantity of the Goods delivered Ship or Vessel from Norway, or the F.ast Country, discharging at an illegal Quay - - - - each Officer

D°- ----- D° discharging at Wareham, which is Ten Miles from Poole -

D°---- from any other Foreign Part, except those laden with

Wine, discharging at an illegal Quay, according to the Quantity and N ature of the Goods delivered - -

For executing a Bill of View for every Hogshead of Furs of considerable Value, and so in Proportion for Packages of a less Size or Value of that and all other Goods -

— 6

— 3

— 6

l 6 -I — l —

l — l —

— 6

1 —

— 6

2 — 2 —

— 6

Collector’s

Clerk.

Surveyor.

Landing Waiters, and Comptrolling beaichers.

I Officers who I

| Coast Waiters.rc,tTllrC1 1 at the Creeks as|

Coast Waiters,

Tide

Surveyor,

Officers who keep Registers of V\ ool.

3$/6</ per Diem.

----4

From £-1- I - to £.2. 2 —

-----8

From 5/to 21/

2/6 per Diem.

From £.1.1 — to £ 2. 2 — From 4/ to 15/

— 2 —

— 2 6 — 2 6

From 2/6 to 5/

----6

Weighing Porter and Noon Tender*

os

o

o

<J1

> S se*«i

IHf

Jr*

Aq pszW^lO

o

o

o

00

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, and on any Occasibn whatever.

Collector.

r-r

T

Collector's

Clerk.

Surveyor.

Landing Waiters, and Compt rolling Searchers.

For every Ship or Vessel that takes In a general Cargo of Merchandize of considerable Value, bound to Foreign Parts -....

For examining the Contents of every Cocket Outwards Oversea, for Merchandize sltipped by Persons not Owners of the Ship -For every Sufferance to ship Corn for Foreign Parts -For endorsing the Sufferances of every Ship or Vessel clearing Coastwise ——

For certifying the landing of the Cargo of every Ship or Vessel Coastwise, under Bond, and writing the Return -For every Merchant’s Entry Iuwards or Outwards, Foreign, on a Holiday, or not in legal Hours Ship or Vessel clearing Outwards Oversea - Ditto Ditto - - reporting Inwards, from Foreign Parts - - Ditto -

From isf to 2sf

— 1

Ditto - clearing Outwards Coastwise - Ditto Ditto - entering Inwards Coastwise - Ditto

6

6

FT. B. Exclusive of the aforegoing Fees, the Officers receive Gratuities from the Merchants, under the Act of 6th and 7th Wi3d, for attending at Times as well as Places not required by Law, on sundry urgent Occasions, at the landing of Goods out of Ships wrecked or stranded on the Coast, and at the landing and re-shipping Goods out of and into Ships putting into the Port in Distress to refit; which Gratuities are more or less, as the Merchants and Officers agree, and are generally regulated by the Difficulty attending such Services, and the Nature of the Attendance required, and according as the Merchant is accommodated; viz.

From 5sJ -

to £3 3 *

J. Lander, Coll'.

From 2/6 to £1 1 .

J. Bristowe,

R-Buck, Geo. Stephe Collector’s Clerks.

From 10/6 to jC-4 4-

P. Joliff, Land Surveyor.

From 10/6 to £.6 -

JVm Pike, Moses Hooper, Wilb Green, Landing Waiters & Coraptrolling Searchers.

J. Courtin, Landing Waiter.

e or

».. »r

Coast Waiters.

Officers who occasionally act at the Creeks as Coast Waiters.

1

*1

Tide Surveyor

Officers who keep Registers of Wool

Weighing Porter and Noon Tender.

o

os

1 —

i —

ta

On

O

Nil.

J. Bristow Coast Waiter.

George Hyde, Tide Waiter & Boatman at Suanage, and Acting Coast Waite.

P. Jolis, Tide Surveyor.

Ch’ Hutchins, Boatman at Studlaod.

Will. James, Weighing Porter and Noon Tender.

OO

o

o

o

oa

?T

l^nrulin^ "W uitcir.

L YM E.-Member of Poole.

o

r

to

Port of Lyme.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document,

and for whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, os all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards ..

Entry of a Ship Outwards -

Report of a Ship Outwards ....

Special Sufferance for landing at an illegal Quay -Merchant’s Single Entry, Inwards or Outwards -Merchant’s Entry in Company, Inwards or Outwards -Cockets Inwards or Outwards, under Bond - -

For every Pack or Truss, Inwards or Outwards (Foreign) -

Passengers, Inwards or Outwards, except Merchant or Mariners Warrant of View for landing Goods -Certificate for lie-payment of Customs Inwards -Victualling Bill -For visiting a British Ship Inwards or Outwards (Foreign)

For visiting a Foreign Ship, Inwards or Outwards -

Custom House, Lyme, 8th August 1785.

Total usually paid t >neach Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers.

Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

Patent. I Deputy and Clerks' Patent. ] Deputy and Clerks. / Patent. Deputy and ClerksI

- — 26 . l ___ - — 1 8 u - IO A

— 2 6 _ _ _ — J 0 — 1 8 - 4 10

— 26 — 1 3 - — 1 3

- — 1 8

- — 3 4 - — 1 4 - — 1 4 - 8

- — 5 4 - — 26 - — 2 6 - 4

A 1 "

— 2 4 — 2 — . ] , -

— 2 — . 1 1

- — 3 4 — 3 4

- — 6 8 — 6 8

o

W

o

{John Warr, Deputy Customer. fVm Peters, Dr Comptroller, A' Raymond, Dr Searcher.

Port of Lyme.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Document*, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid,- exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Collectors

Collectois Clerks.

Surveyor.

For every Coast Sufferance, Inwards or Outwards, at Bridport Harbour For every Coast Sufferance, Inwards or Outwards, at Lyme For attending the Delivery of all Vessels laden with Coals at Bridport Harbour, extra Hours -

For attending the Delivery of Vessels laden with Coals at Lyme, extra Hours For attending tire Delivery of Vessels laden with Goods and Merchandize from Foreign Parts, at Bridport Harbour -For attending the Delivery of Vessels from Russia, laden with Hemp, Flax, and Iron, at Lyme -

For attending the Delivery of Vessels laden with Goods and Merchandize from Foreign Parts (Russia excepted) at Lyme.

For gauging all Wine imported, the Ton -

For endorsing a Cocket, for Goods exported to Foreign Parts For a Bounty Certificate or Debenture, for Goods exported For entering or clearing Ships after Custom House Hours -

Custom House, Lyme,

8th August 1785,

— 26

— 1

1 1 —

— 10 6

1

Lauding

Waiters,

Coast

Waiters.

1 —

Waiters antlj lid* Warehouse i,

Searchers. Surveyors, j Keeper. I *

§ P £ w

2 2 —

2 2 —

1 1 -

— 1 44

— 2 6 — 26

.*> C

i!

-§"c

» S

<L>

s ts

J!

Weighing

Porters.

Noon

Tenders.

Coal

Meters.

5 —

2 6

.1

5§

3

►'O 50 n " o

2 c s 5

! =-" g:

jr s- *

TVEYMO UTH. Member of Poole.

o

oo

ST*

n

1 I

e s’ &

Port of Weymouth.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document,

and for whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps. ' .

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description or Denomination whatever. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers.

/ Customer. Comptroller. \ Searcher.

Patent. \ Deputy and Clerks. % Patent. A Deputy and Clerks. / Patent.. 1 \ Deputy and Clerks.

6 6 *

Master's Report, Inwards and Outwards, on Oath - — 2 6 — 16 6 6

Merchant’s Single Entry, Inwards and Outwards - — 2 2 8 6 8 4

Merchant’s Entry, in Company, under several Marks - — 4 4 — 14 — 1 — — 1 4 - - - 8

Cocket, Inwards and Outwards, under Bond - T — -510 — 2 6 6 — 26 - 8

For filing every Return on the Cocket - - - . 6 — ‘ — 2 — — 2 — r 2 & a

Tor clearing every Ship, Foreign hound - _ - I *8

For every Truss, Pack, and Fardle, of all Goods and Merchandize, Inwards and g‘|

Outwards ------- ~ 2 _ . _ |«

For every Passepger, Inwards and Outwards, except Merchants and Mariners 6 m m ... 6

For every Bond of Employment of Aliens Money ---- — 26 - — 6 1 —

For every Warrant of View, for landing Goods - - — 2 10 1 - 6 1 . - — . — 4 T S

Certificate of Re-payment of Customs, Inwards ----- — 2 6 - j _ - 6 J g-s

Victualling Bill - -- - — 2 6 1 r 6 I -- <0

Bill of Store ------- 8 O

For visiting every Foreign Ship Cocket, In and Outward bound, and laden - — 3 4 — 3 4

For every Debenture - - . _ - - . - — _ j 6 1

Bushelage of Corn and Salt imported, out of every Ship or Vessel - In Kind. One Bushel. - One Bushel. - One Bushel.

Item, every Foreigner (not Freeman) to pay Double Fees.

Os

o

Attested by us, JVm Weston, Dy Customer.

Jots Fowler, Dr Comptroller. John Crouch, DT Searcher.

00

An ACCO CT NTT of nil For* "

I~*ort of //r;y/«/7//M.

MV vuv &

g

cq"

r-h

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

O

O

FT

o

to

03

Port of Weymouth.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or othe Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For a Certificate Warrant for Coals exported Tor a special Sufferance to land Goods at an unlawful Quay For a Baggage Sufferance -For a Bill of Health For a Ship’s Register For a Plantation Certificate For every Ship under Quarantine For a Portage Certificate -For Attendance on stranded Ships, at Times, from 5 to 15 Miles Distance from Weymouth, Horse Hire, and other Expences, per Day -For a Pipe of Wine landed at an unlawful Quay, or a,t extra Hours, and Holidays included ... For Attendance in Warehouses on Wreck Goods, when examining, &c\ per Day For attending the Delivery of a Norway Ship in the Roads, or at an unlawful Quay, and at extra Hours For examining Passengers Baggage from Guernsey, Alderney, &c\ if at extra Hours, or on Holidays, paid on an Average -

For attending the Delivery or Shipping of Foreign Goods, on a Holiday -

For attending the Delivery of a Grocery Ship at extra Hours, and Holidays included - -

For attending the shipping or discharging of Goods Coastwise at extra Hours, and Holidays included, per Ship -For Weighing Goods, per Day -For granting a Wool Permit -For attending the shipping of Stones at different Places on the Island of Portland, and at extra Hours, per Ship For attending the shipping Goods for Exportation, at an unlawful Quay, and at extra Hours, per Ship, on an Average -

Collector.

----8

— 5 —

6 6 6 6

1

2 2 2

1 —

— 68

IS

4°

Collectors

Clerk.

1 -

1 -

1 -

----6

G-S

s

Deputy Comptroller.

— 4 2 6 1 — 1 6

1 6

1 6

15 —

11 —

— 5 —

|1

g g.

*5 §

Surveyors, or their Clerk.

— 26

I 1 —

----6

x 1 -

— 26

— 5 —

u

O

5

8 & 0 t

Landing and

CoastWaiters!c alr

Searchers

Each 1 - 7 6

----3

— 26

-10 6

— 1 3

— 26

----3

tf

3

2 6 g u

as

t>c'3 S *

=3

Tide

Surveyors.

2 6

7 6

Wareho.

Keeper.

Jerquers.

Weiner,

— X

Noon

Tenders.

Tide

Waiters,

Each — 1 —

— 3 —

Supervisor.

— 10 6

Riding

Officers.

— 76

if 8 Ite go

§.s

fi2

Waiter,

Searcher,

and

Preventive

Officer.

— 7«

l/

i!

I §0 8=8.!

S

si

a 5

o < sj;

mi

13

O

VO

ay Geo. III. 26° Jamariu

>§w?

§ s

© c 2 E cr5 3 ©. r: £.

t« o »

H-4

o

N* 40.

A TABLE of Fees and Allowances due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of Sandwich, and the Members, Creeks, and Places thereunto belonging;, agreed betw een the Merchants and the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, confirmed by Vote and Order of the House of Commons, dated 11th April 1670.

Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

1 oc — 3 4 — 6 8

— 3 4 00 p* 1 — 2 6

— 2 — 4 1 — 1

— 2 4 6 1

4

— 1 8 6 1

— 2 — — 2 —

1

4

Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

- - — 6 8

- - 2 6

For a Warrant to transport all Corn and Victuals not prohibited -

For a Cocquet to transport all other Goods and Merchandize -

For an Entry of all Goods and Merchandize imported For an Entry of every Ship or Barque of an Englishmen For an Entry of every Ship or Barque of a Stranger -For a Coast Cocquet of any Goods from Port to Port within the Kingdom -

For a Return of each Cocquet, and certifying it into the Exchequer -

For a Certificate to certify that the Goods mentioned in such a Cocquet are landed accordingly For every Flouring or Victualling Bill -For a Certificate from Port to Port for Goods that have paid Customs -

For a Sight of a Cocquet brought in by any Ship Outward bound -

For visiting every Stranger’s Ship coming into this Port, and going forth again, not discharging any Goods -For clearing away every Stranger’s Ship going out of this Port, having unladen here - -

For every Passenger going Outwards -For copying every Council’s Warrant for Passengers to go out of the Kingdom - -

For every Bill of Sight to suffer Goods to be landed before Entry -

William Goldsborough, Cler. Dom. Com.

Edward Turner, of the House of Commons, Speaker.

I do hereby certify, That the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Table of Fees for the Port of Sandwich, and the Members, Creeks, and Places thereunto belonging, as transmitted by the Principal Officers at that Port, on the 12th May 1786.

Os

1

Custom House, London, 10th August 1786.

J. Dai.

o

o

o§

FT

00

"4,

Port oi Sand

SANDWICH.------ HEAD PORT.

-An Account of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

a

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officer:

/ Customer. Compt roller. A Searcher.

/ Patent. A Deputy and Clerks. Patent. \ Deputy and Clerks. / Deputy. A Deputy and Clerks.

For every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards ----- - __ _ _ |

Entry of a Ship Outwards ——

Report of a Ship Outwards -

Filing a Return of a Coast Cocquet, and certifying it into the Exchequer 6 - — — 6

Special Sufferance to land at an illegal Quay - - '- - -

Every Coast Sufferance Inwards - - - - r

Ditto ----- Outwards -

For every Entry of Goods Outwards - - - . - - 7 6 — 2 2} — 1 U — 1 — i 71 — 1 8 TO

Ditto ---- Inwards - - — 4 — — i 4 8 8 4 8 4

For every Coast Cocquet - -- — 3 10 — 1 Ci 91 4 2 8 4

For every Transire — 35 — 1 51 81 4 2 0 3

For every Coast Return - -- — 1 — 71 4 2 — — 8 4

For every Stranger’s Ship having discharged her Lading here - - - — 6 8 — 4 51 — 2 2f

'-A

a

O

Custom House, Sandwich, the 12th August 1785.

Attested, per Jordan, Deputy Customer, B. , Deputy Comptroller, J. Jordan, Deputy Searcher.

O

o

N

deale.

>g *2

ft 3 s;

g jis

? S'

Port of Sandwich.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs of this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being

Patentees, their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

SAND IVI C H.

For every Entry Inwards - ....

D° - - Outwards - - - _

For every Coast Sufferance Outwards at Sandwich -

D° - - - Inwards -

For every Wool Sufferance ——

For every extra Attendance, at Times and Places not required by Law -For delivering every Ship from Foreign Parts -

For shipping Goods on Entry Outwards -

For clearing every Foreign Ship Inwards -

For every Coast Sufferance, Cocquet, or Transire, brought Inwards

For every Coaster, not belonging to this Port, clearing Outwards

For every extra Attendance, at Times and Places not required by Law, per Day

RAMSGATE.

For clearing every Ship from Foreign Parts, having delivered her Cargo here -For every extra Attendance at Times and Places not required by Law, per Day For every Coaster Inwards -

Dw - - - Outwards -

For searching Baggage Coastways and Outwards, each Passenger

M A R G A T E.

Cocquet or Transire for the Sufferance from the Master Outwards

Cocquet or Transire from the Master Inwards -

For every Sufferance for Baggage to be shipped Coastways -

For searching Baggage from Foreign Parts, each Passenger -

For every extra Attendance, at Times and Places not required by Law -

For clearing every Ship from Foreign Parts, having delivered her Cargo here

For searching Baggage from Foreign Parts -

Collector.

----6

----6

----6

-- 12

fV. Jordan, Collector.

Collector’s

Clerk.

Surveyors, or their Clerk.

E. Baker, Clerk.

— 5 —

Landing

Waiters.

— 5

— l

Coast Waiters.

Waiters and Searchers.

--- *

--- 1

Survr,

H. K. Bradford, Land* Coast'.

— 2 6

----- 6

Jit Slaughter, Coastwaiter.

» — I

Tide Surveyors.

5 —

2 6

J/f Westheech, Tide Surveyor.

ON

1

---- 6

— i 6

Rd Laming, Waiter and Searcher.

— l

— 5 —

— 5 - ~

John Cowper, Tide Surveyor.

r i

HJ Laming VI'niter and Searcher.

nd /

Joh n Cozvper, Tide Surveyor.

OO

o

p

D E A L E.~

-Member of Sandwich.

Port of Deale.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o

w

o

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers:

f Customer. Comptroller. \ Searcher.

Patent. 1 , Deputy and Clerks. r Patent. ] \ Deputy and Clerks. t Patent. A Deputy and Clerks

For every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards ---- — 2 — . — 2 —

Master’s Report of his Ship Outwards ---- — 2 — _ — <2 --

— 2 — — 1 —

Entry Outwards - -- - - 7 6 ... — 3 4 — i 8 m m m — 2 6

Coast Cocquet - -- - — 3 10 ... — 24 6 . _ _ _

Coast Transire or Let Pass - -- -- - — 3 2 m. m — 1 8 6 m _ m 9m m m

Coast Return or Certificate - -- -- - — 36 — 2 — 6 m m X r — *

Sufferance to land Foreign Goods ----- 6 «... 3 3 1

Coast Sufferance Inwards or Outwards ---- 6 ... 3 - J 1 3

Deale Hoy or Hooker Inwards 6 - - . ' — 3 — — m 3

Deale Hoy or Hooker Outwards ----- — 24 ... — 110 m m 6

Coal Vessel ------- — 4 2 — 3 8 . 6

Bill of Health - -- - m m m — 2 —

CO

bi

0\

o

3.

Custom House, Deale, Attested by us, Benj* Sayer, Deputy Customer*

20th August 1785* J. Friend, Deputy Comptroller.

lVm Collman, Deputy Searcher.

D

cq'

N

CD

a.

t

D

cq'

i — K

n’

CD

CL

cr

CD

Port of Deale.-Patentees, or their

An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being

sir Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For every Entry Inwards -

For every Entry Outwards -

For every Wine Entry Inwards at Times not required by Law

(small Entries excepted) -....

For every Coaster Inwards - - - .

For every Coaster Outwards -

For every Coaster cleared Outwards at Times not required by Law (small Loadings excepted) - -

For every Endorsement on a Coast Cocquet of the landing Part of a Cargo (a small Discharge excepted) -For the clearing every Coal Vessel at Times not required by Law -

For every Coast Return filed or annexed to a Bond For every Wool Sufferance or Certificate - -

For every Baggage Sufferance at Times not required by Law For the searching every Passenger’s Baggage at Times not required by Law -For every Pipe of Wine gauged -

For every Lot of Condemned Goods sold (Spirituous Liquors excepted) paid to the Collector’s Clerk, who- acts as Auctioneer, for which he has no other Allowance - -

For every Lot of Goods transferred from the Purchaser to any other Person -

Collector.

— . 1 10 — 110

— io 6

1 10

3 6 3 6

— 6

— 6

— 6

Bay" Sayer, Collector.

Collector^ Clerk.

2 6

5 —

-----6

-----6

J. Darb,

Coll* Clerk.

Surveyors, or their Clerk.

1 —

— 6

S. K. Ferrier,

Surveyor.

Landing

Waiters.

Coast

Waiters.

— 1 —

— i 6

Waiters and Searchers.

— 2 6

— 2 6

-----1 6

G. Ludewigy Waiter and Searcher.

Tide

Surveyors.

Warehouse

Keeper.

Jerquers.

Weighing

Porters.

u

Os

Custom House, Deale, 20th August 1785.

00

oo

g

CQ

N

CD

a. cr

0

a

00

o

DOVER.-

-Member of Sandwich.

o

to

Port of Dover.---- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps; viz*.

a

M

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For a Sufferance and Bill of Entry a Certificate -a Cocket Outwards -

a I)" - - Coastwise -

a Transire -a Debenture -an Endorsement -a Return -a Foreign Entry -Masters Entries - -

On every Person’s going Oversea Visiting Foreign Ships bound Oversea D* - - British Ships D°

D* - - every Ship’s Cocqu* D#

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion*

— 7 6

For the Use oDwhat Officers:

— 1

o

c

2

cn

FO LK S TO NE.-Creek of

For a Coast Cocquet -

Transire ——

Sufferance Coastwise -

Return to a Coast Cocquet -Filing the Cocquet - -

a Coal Return -

an Endorsement -

Customer.

Patent. (Deputy and Clerks.

Comptroller.

Searcher.

Patent.

8

4

— 2 — 2

— 3

— 3 —

— 3 —

— 28

— 111

----8

----4

The Deputy allowed i for collecting.

1 — 1 4

1 8

1 —

Deputy and Clerks.l Patent.

Deputy and Clerks.

— 1 — / Nil allowed. |

— 1 4

----6

— 7

— 6

— N

----10 J

6

8

The Clerk allowed for collecting.

J. Boy ton.

— 1

----4 3

r

Attested by us,

J‘ Gunman, Deputy Customer.

Rooth Colebran, Deputy Comptroller.

Richard Cowley, Deputy Searcher.

-- D

— 2

— 3

— 2

6

6

6

6

6

6

Attested by John Gill,

DT Customer.

The Deputy allowed 3 s. 6d. per £. collecting Out-door Fees.

RichJ Cowley, Dep».

OS

o

a,

D

a

Port o t Dover. An ACCOU NT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees or their

Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps ’

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such l’ees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

To Poundage on Sales of Tea and Liquor only - - - J

To Poundage on Receipt of Coal Duties

To Metage on Coals - - "

Commissioners on Indentures of Appraisement, for condemning Seizures -Drawing Indentures, for - Ditto Appraisers on Dido

Making Foreign Ships free -Sufferances for Passengers Baggage Special Sufferances -Extra Duty and Attendance on Wrecks and Stranded Ships, and Sales, per Salvage -

Reports of Ships Inwards and Out- "1 wards, in and out of Hours, Iioli-days, and Sundays - - - J

Making Entries, Dispatch and Attend-'j ance, in and out of Hours, Holidays, 1 &ca. at the Option of the Merchants and Importers - - - -J

Fees or Gratuities from Merchants or Agents attending the Discharge of Cargoes imported, with extra Attendance, &c\ at the Option of the Merchants or Agents — divided equally by the Land Surveyor and Lund Waiters that attend the Ship, from 5 s. to 30 s-or 40 s. and oftentimes nothing -To D° - D° - from Merchants, for Entries in the Warehouse, in Proportion to the Entry and Trouble, opening, and re-packing, from 1 *. to 5 s. and oftentimes nothing -To Fees and Gratuities for extra Attendance, examining Baggage Inwards, in and out of Hours, Holidays, and Sundays, from 1 s. to 7 s. 6 d. (as for Example; *2 Trunks, 1 Portmanteau, 2 Boxes, 1 Parcel, 7 6 d.) as the Quantity may be, and oftentimes left lo the 'voluntary Disposition of the Owner, utul (r«qucni\y nutlviuj^ — _ -

4<* per £.

£. t. per Cent.

collecting £.1,000 Duties, ufterwarrls 13/4 per Cent, per the Year.

S.

lO ---

5 —

— 10 — ----6

f 1 Guinea "J

I £-s — J

S'

IM I*

Sd.ptr£.

( The Hall Part of I the Collector and I Comptroller's,) Poundages on ! \ Goods sold at Romney, and a I I Penny per Cask 1 Porterage on j

1 £. 1. per Cent, collecting to £. 1,000 Duties, afterwards 6/8 per Cent, per the Year.

S.

lO

Seizures.

— 5 —

-----6

— i 6

C 1 Guinea

to '

I £3S- J

-----6

— 3 6

r io/6 n

to

I jC-1 1 — J

f6d. Is. or 2*/od'l I some $/. and L many Nil. J

f ls.a.t/6. j some 5/. and j.

L many Nil. J

1

f <

0

1 H

— >3 4

Id. per Chaldron.

T

xth

ith

C T> ra o u.

i'k

id

7

Ith

ixh

Si

S2

► H

c*

*5 S

c S

gH

O

j

► o

f« s I

Bf

2 I

3 to

Of

z£

►H

Os

Contract Cutters.

Assistance. I Alert

Os

oo

I I

g

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

O

o.

o

i0

ta

To a Coaster Inwards, and extra Attendance at the Delivery of the Cargo D# - oftentimes 2 iaf. and many Times nothing - -

D* - Outwards, fora Coast Sufferance, Paper, and writing the same -

" D#» for a General Sufferance, J)* D°> and extra Attendance - D°, for Cargoes of few Articles, from is. down to 6 d. and oftentimes nothing -Gratuities from Merchants, for Wool Coastwise Outwards, under 10 Baas, nothing....."

‘ from 10 to 20 Bags of Wool U , ' from <10 IJag# and upwards, a Snip s Loading (except One Merchant, who pays 5/6.) ’

Extra Attendance at unseasonable Hours on examinino orrona r*.,*________i. 1

on examining Baggage Outwards, in Proportion to the Quantity, to the voluntary Disposition of the Owner, from l#. to 5#. thus divided _

To Ditto, and Examination of Debenture Goods exported, from 5 to io*. -io Duto, and Entries of Horses and Goods exported, from it. to ios.

«vtt0Aatten4in8 lhe '""ding Foreign Ships Cargoes, from lot. to £. 1. if

To Service on Ships under Quarantine

To extra Attendance, and guarding Shios stranded, and all Wrecks - . T

To filling up Mediterranean CerUfieates for Passes, and Survey - _

To clearing Foreign Ships Inwards, a‘t Delivery of their Cargoes To surveying Ships damaged at Sea -Entering and registering Wool at Wool Register’s Office.

Attendance at shipping and unshipping

Ssj,"'00!*’ r »' "'

per Ship

£.1----

IS

0=3

per Ship — »5 —

8 =

J§

O o

3 CU

4

a.

2 m

M

-v,

*? I I

43

v r»

t.i

cu

a.

I -

CO *9

J &

.1

§0

- 6

M O

4.1

id

T

V

V

i*

*g 5

i s*

►2 to

i 1111miii i is

- - 8 I

- - 2 1 -

- - 6 — 2 —

- 19. a. 6 </.

- - — l —

- - — 2 —

id _ m Id T *

14 T - Td

i* rn m *4

id i4 per Day. 2*/6d. per Dsv. o/8d.'

- - - - - D° - 5 - D* -a* 4d - - - - per Tide. io/6. 5/- per Tide. 5/- per Tide. 2/6. per Day. 10/6. a. 2 2 -

- - - - 5 -

- - - 2 6

- 2 6

- - - _ m — - _ per Ship. *. to 5s. j per Ship. 6d.tol/6.

s S 2 §>* M Tho* Wood, D. Land Waiter, and Coast Waiter. $* r§ *3 i$Q John Norris, Tide Surveyor. Henry Thomas, Boatman. .2 a ji «? 8 . "a fi =0 £ s «l aj 2 i3 w Thomas March, Occasional Tidesraan. tf c j.§ Thotnas' 1 oumay, Supervisor. Riding Officer. S ll 3 C/j s; -S' d e> § o CQ ?» o C* J* Si-S V. *5* s* a*a*. ce s I &sS

o

W

o

fr

to

Ox

o.

s a

-81 o 1

1

£ a

8 5

C C ~

S cr^a

a

v4

?!s

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

O"

FA VERSHA

-Member of.

Port of Fav

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for whose

Use, such Foes are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

To what Officers:

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For Cocket to transport all Corn and Victuals not prohibited -

For Cocket to transport all other Goods and Merchandize beyond Sea -

For Entry of all Goods and Merchandize imported -

For Entry of every Ship and Barque of an Englishmen -

For Entry of every Ship and Barque of a Stranger -

For Coast Cocket to carry Goods from Port to Port in this Kingdom -For a Return of such Cocket, and certifying the same in the Exchequer -For a Certificate to certify that the Goods mentioned in such a Cocket were landed accordingly For every Flouring and Victualling Bill

For a Certificate from Port to Port for Goods that have paid Customs -For Sight of a Cocket brought in by any Ship Outward-bound For visiting any Stranger’s Ship coming into this Port, not discharging any Goods For clearing every Stranger’s Ship going out of Port, having unladen here For every Passenger that goes out of this Kingdom

For copying every Council’s Warrant for Passengers going out of this Kingdom For every Bill of Sight, to suffer Goods to be landed before Entry is made For Transire Outwards -

For Transire Outwards, not exceeding 50 Quarters of Corn, or 50 Bags of Hops

(Deputy Customer receives upon an Average Annually Net. about - - £. 24 12

A. Deputy Controller, Dicto - -£.18 1 8$

Out of which he pays the Patent Annually 5 5 —

Deputy Searcher -J- upon an Average -

Deputy Customer upon an Average - - 20 6 8

Out of which he pays the Patent - 5 ——

Deputy Compt’ -f only, on Average -Deputy Searcher -f Ditto -

Milton

Comptroller.

Deputy.

Searcher*

Patent.

00

vd

w*

ci

an

§ .

e

o =»

a.a

g?

I 8.

S'

a

A

Rob1 Mein, Dr Comptroller.

Geo. Rudds, Dr Compt'.

6 8 2 6 1 -

----4

— 68 -----6

— 26

— 1 —

----11

----5i

Deputy.

*0

St

1-4

00

ll

i*

s 2 8. s =» 2 -3 §

g u

s 8.

O

a

s

CL.

V

A

Ja 1 Slone, Df Searcher.

Henry Gracet l D* Searcher.

OV

o

t

5:-

Custom House, Faversham, 14th Sept' 1785.

Careless Franklin, Collector. Robert Mein, D. Comptroller.

00

o

p

Port of Faversham. — An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentee?,

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for what Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Q

w

o

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for what such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

Collector.

Df Comptroller.

To Ships Entry Inwards - Extra (Holiday, and out of Hours) - - - — 2

To Ships Entry Outwards- Ditto - -I — 2 —

To Master’s Report Inwards - -I — 5 —

To Master’s Report Outwards - - — 5

To extra Duty, attending the Shipping of Wool at Whitstable and Hem

Bay.....- — 10 6

To attending the lading and discharging of Foreign Ships at Whitstable,

7 Miles ——

To clearing Foreign Ships that have unladed in the Port -To clearing Foreign Ships that have laden in the Port -To attending the Shipping of Gunpowder, at the Works at Ore, l Mile from Port ——

To every Coast Dispateh, whether by Transire or Cocket -

To Coast Sufferance, if written by the Collector or his Clerk - - - 1-6

To attending Shipping and Landing of Wool, in Port To D" - out of Port -

To Coast Cocket, extra Hours....

To Certificate of Return, extra -To clearing every Coal Ship - - .- -

— 2

— 2

Surveyor.

— 5 —

----4

— io 6

— io 6

— 1 3

Custom House, Faversham, 14th Sept' 1785.

}ar’Franklin Collector.

5 —

Rolf Many Deputy

Land

Waiter.

1 1 —

— 5 —

— 18

Coast

Waiter.

W'and

Searchers.

— 5

/* Sto I Surveyor.

Thtf Stone, Jrf Knocher

Comptroller.! J CoastWaiterJJ

— 1 -

— 5

Tide Surveyors.

Warehouse

Keeper.

I and Coast ' Waiters.

Car* Franklin, Collector.

Rob1 Mein, Deputy Comptroller,

Kk

Os

o

8*

1

Jti

Port of

M I L T ON.-Creek of Faversham.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps; per Order 28th July 1785.

o

Instrument', Documents, Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what is called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description

and Denomination whatever.

For a Cocket to transport all Corn and Victuals not prohibited

For a Cocket to transport all other Goods and Merchandize beyond Sea -

For Entry of all Goods and Merchandize imported....

For an Entry of every Ship or Barque of an Englishmen -

For an Entry of every Ship or Barque of a Stranger -

For .1 Coast Cocket to carry Goods from Port to Port in this Kingdom -For a Return of such Cocket, and certifying the same in the Exchequer - - .

For a Certificate, to certify that the Goods mentioned in such a Cocket were landed accordingly For every Flouring and Victualling Bill -

For a Certificate from Port to Port for Goods that have paid Custom -

For Sight of a Cocket brought in by any Ship Outward-bound -....

For visiting every Strangers Ship coining into Port not discharging any Goods -

For clearing every Stranger’s Ship, going out of Port, having unladen here -

For every Passenger going out of this Kingdom - "

For copying every Council’s Warrant, for Passengers going out of this Kingdom

hor every Bill of Sight, to suffer Goods to be landed before Entry is made -

For a Transire Outwards ——

I or a Transire Outwards, not exceeding 50 Quarters of Corn, or 50 Bags of Hops

Total paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

16 8 7

— 4

— 8

3 <° — 4

3 2

Custom House, Faversham, 20th Septr 1786.

Careless Franklin, Collector.

4 —

1 —

— 4

1 —

6 8

— 6

2 6 1 —

3 5

1 8*

To what Officers.

r~

Customer.

Patent.

6 8 3 4

— 4

— 8

2 4 — 4

1 8

2 —

2 — 1

Deputy.

a

o

cu

3

-tt 00 *

4>

E uS o -o.

H oT =2 g 2

jo <; >>

John Sea, D. Customer.

Comptroller.

Patent.

3 4 1 8 1 —

-----6

— 6

2--

6

3

Deputy J.

a

o

o.

a

a +

- iO V -1

a.

o —

o.

eg *T

g £0

it

in +*

Geo. Budils, D. Comptr.

Searcher.

Patent.

6 8

2 6

1 —

1 —

1 —

1 —

— 4

1 —

6 8

— 6

2 6 1 —

— n

— 5}

Deputy

a.

3

a

v

3 1-

S? Ok

E.

o CO

g «r

c SP

s 2

s

Henry Grace, D. Searcher.

os

o

5

5*.

Port of Milton.----- An ACCOUNT of Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their

Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps; per Order 28th July 1785.

D

to'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

C5

C<3

s

r3

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Comptroller. Surveyor. Land Waiter. Coast Walter. Waiter and Searcher. Tide Surveyor. Warehouse Keeper. Jerquers. Weighing Purlers. Noon Tenders.

To Ship's Entry Inwards (extra Hours, Holidays, &c\) - -- -- - — 2 — — 2 —

To Ship’s Entry Outwards - - Ditto - -- — 2 — — 2 —

To Master's Report Inwards or Outwards - -- — 5 —

To attending the loading or unloading of Foreign Ships (being out of the Port of Faversham) 1 I — 1 1 -

To clearing of Foreign Ships that have unladen (Ditto) ----- — IO 6 — 5 ~

—,) _

To Coast Sufferance (if written by the Officer - -- - 6

To attending the landing and loading of Wool - -- - — 1 —

— 5 —

To clearing every Coal Ship — 1 —

Careless Franklin, C. Franklin, Rol/ Mein, J. Stone, Tito'S tom In* Thurston.

Custom House, Faversham, Collector. Collector. D, Comptroller.. Surveyor.

2Ulh Septr 1786. 1

I —

OO

«... i- run At ff* I ColU-t for-

O. Cou^stroiltr. Survivor.

t I i I I I

Port of Ro

o

r

ROC H E ST E R. Member of Sandwich.

-An ACCOUNT of Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers,. their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document,

and for whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

O

M

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For the Use of what Officers.

Total usually paid I on each Instrument] or Occasion.

Customer.

Comptroller.

Searcher.

Patent.

' I

Deputy.

Patent.

Deputy.

Patent.

For a Cocket to transport all Corn and Victuals not prohibited a Cocket to transport all other Goods and Merchandize -an Entry of all Goods and Merchandize imported -an Entry of every Ship dr Barque of an Englishmen -an Entry of every Ship or Barque of a Stranger -

a Coast Cocket to carry Goods from Port to Port, within the Kingdom a Return of such Cocket, and certifying it into the Exchequer -a Certificate to certify that the Goods mentioned in such a Cocket were landed accordingly ——

every Flouring and Victualling Bill -

a Certificate from Port to Port for Goods that have paid Custom For Sight of a Cocket brought in by any Ship Outward-bound -For visiting every Strangers Ship coming into this Port, and going forth again, not discharging any Goods ——

For every Passenger going Outwards ——

For copying every Council’s Warrant for Passengers to go out of the Kingdom For every Bill of Sight to suffer Goods to be landed before Entry -For a Transire for Com, Grain, and Hops, carrying into the Port of London, as by the Act ist of Arm -

For a Transire when the Quantify of Corn and Grain exceeds not Fifty Quarters, or Hops exceeds not Fifty Bags, in any One Vessel -

For clearing away every Stranger’s Ship going out of this Port, having unladen here -

16 8 7 6 4 —

— 2

— 1

— 8

3 to — 4

— 4 5t 2*

4 2f

5f

6*

2i

3 2| — i if

4 — ~ 4

l —

— 4

2 2| 1 1* — 8

— if

— 2f

— 9*

— if

2 2f 1 If — 8

i if

- 6f

— 4

----4 I-----2

— 6f

— 8

— 4 i 4

— 2

— 8

4 5f

l 8

— 8

-----8

----8

----8

----2f

----8

2 6 l —

3 5 1 — 14

i 8f I-8

6 8

8

4

— 4

— 2

— 2

— 1

i 8

— 8

— 7f r 3* 4 5t

Deputy.

2 2f — 10 — 4

— 4

— 4

— If

3:

-----4

-----2

----- id

-----4

-----31

----- if

— a 2f

{J. Nightingale, Deputy Customer. J. Nicholson, Deputy Comptroller. That Hartooood, Deputy Searcher.

►1

£8Pa

8 ?

g §» a

I IT *

g

eg'

l — h‘

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg.

rT

Port of Rochester.----- An Account of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents,

>g w?

ft 3 5;

8 j-gf Sfeaf

Instrument*, Document*, or Services, for which such arc taieo, on any Occasion whatever.

For every Report Inwards or Outward*, and Extra Attendance if on a Holiday or out of Hours - *

For every Entry Inwards or Outwards, - - D° - D*

For every Ship performing Quarantine, for Extra Trouble and Expences, ullowed by the Lords of the Treasury -For Horse Hire and Expences going to Maidstone, One Day, Nine Miles, attending the shipping and weighing of Wool Coastwise For every Ship clearing on a Holiday -For every Vessel going Coastwise clearing on a Holiday For every Sufferance to ship or land Goods Coastwise For writing every Entry of Wool For writing every Certificate of Wool entered For writing every Wool Sufferance

For extra Attendance for trans-shipping Wine at Sheerness, each Pipe ——

For extra Attendance on Ships that have received Damage at Sea, in warehousing and re-shipping their Cargoes, each Day For clearing every Ship from Foreign Parts inwards -For every Portage Bill or Certificate For every Certificate of Over Entry For gauging Wine, each Pipe -

For every Vessel Coastwise, shipping and landing their Goods For every Ship from Dantzick laden with Plank and Timber, delivering at His Majesty's Yards at Chatham or Sheeruess For every Ship from Riga, laden with Timber, delivering at D® For every Ship from Norway, laden with Timber, delivering at D° For every Ship laden with Iron or Hemp, each Day delivering at D° For a Sufferance and shipping Goods Coastwise, each Vessel For each Vessel landing Goods Coastwise, by Cocket For each Vessel landing Goods Coastwise, by Transire

of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, and for the Use of what Officers or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

a Ca ‘ u a. a

«-» ° a fe 3 a 2 SJ K

5 M M

a 5s

do

g ft!

1 *4

i ia i ^" I & I

o o

QUEENBOROlfG H.-Creek of Rochester.

Queenborough, Port of Rochester.-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document,

and for whose Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps, at this Port.

Total For the Use of what Officers.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. usually paid ou each r- Customer. Comptroller. Searcher. N i

Instrument or Occasion. Patent. Deputy. / Patent. A Deputy. r Patent. Deputy

For a Transire Outwards - - - — 3 5 — I 4 8 4 2 7f — — 3*

Cocket Coastwise ------ — 3 — 1 6i 9i — — 4 2 8 — 4

Return for Goods brought Coastwise - - - — 3 2 — 1 U 6f 4 — — 2 8 — ~ 4

Filing a Wool Notice - -- -- --Filling up a Wool Notice - -- -- - 4 - 3 — 1

- - 8 — 4

Filing a Return - -- - 6 - - 4 — — 2

2

Filling up a Coast Bond - -- -- -Filing and entering a Transire Inwards ---- — i — 6 - — l — 4 2

Entering a Collier Inwards, and Clearing ---- - — — 6

Coast Sufferance Outwards - -- -- - 2

Coast Sufferance Outwards - -- -- - 3

f Geo. Evans , Deputy Customer. Attested by us, < Jrt Onglej/, Deputy Comptroller.

[ Geo. Evans Baker, Deputy Searcher.

k)

o

W

o

9

Queenbro*, Port of Rochester'.----- An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this

Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distingushing for what Business, and for the Use of what Officers or other Persons, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o

cq'

N

CD

Q.

CT

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion. Supervisor of Riding Officers and Wool Register. Riding Officers and Coast Waiter. Riding Officers.

For writing every Wool Entry ---- For writing a Wool Sufferance ---- 6 6 Geo. Evans Baker. J<f Onglej/. Rd Hates.

VJ*

D

eg'

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

?r

FEES and ALLOWANCES due and payable to His Majesty’s Officers of the Customs, and Subsidies, in the Port of Great Yarmouth, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging.

N*4i

YARMOUTH.

For every Entry and Cocquet for all the Goods, Overseas, and making the Bills and Warrants For every Entry Inwards, from beyond Seas, and making the Bills and Warrants -For every Indorsement of Goods passing Licence For the Report of every Master, Owner, Purser For the Entry of every Ship Oversea, or from Port to Port - -

For every Cocket and Transiry for Goods laden from Port to Port - -

For every Certificate for Goods discharged from Port to Port -

For every Entry of every Transiiy for Goods laden from Port to Port -

For all Bonds of Imployment, or returning of Discharges -

For all returned Discharges, or filed Imployment For viewing each Cocket of each Ship or Vessel of every Port or Place, being in the Road or

Haven....

For every Passenger to or from beyond the Seas For every Person bringing Goods, excepting Coals, from Port to Port, and landing them For every Ship that brings in Salt, One Mett to the Searchers, in lieu of his Fee of Two-and-Twenty-Pence upon the said Salt, above mentioned.

S

John Sharpe.

Aliens to pay Double Fees. Edward Turner.

Customer. Comptroller Searcher.

s. d. s. d. s. t. d.

5 2 2 — 4 1 io

3 2 l — — 4 — 8 — 8 — a — 8 ~ 4 2 1 10

— 4 2 — 2

2 4 i 4 — 8 — 4

2 4 I 4 — 8 ~ 4

10 — 6 — 4

i — — 4 i — — 4

1 1 1 1

1 1

FEES and ALLOWANCES due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, and Subsidies, in every of the Out Ports, Members of the Port of Yarmouth, viz. TVoodbridge, Alt borough, Southwoldy Blackney, and Clay.

Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

For an Oversea Cocket, and the Bills writing s.

and Receipts ---- 9 6 4 8 1 6 3 4

For an Inward Entry, and Bills - 7 6 3 2 1 — 3 4

For a Cocket from Port to Port, and Bonds - 4 10 3 4 1 2 — 4

For a Certificate - 2 4 1 4 — 8 — 4

For a Transiry, Outwards - For filling a Certificate - - - - 3 4 — 4 2 — — 4 1 — — 4

For a Transiry, Inwards - For going on Board, and viewing a Cocquet - Ex4 TV. C. 1 — — 4 — 4 — 4

— 4 — 4

Signed, by virtue of an Order from the House of Commons, dated the 17th May 1662.

Wm Goldsborough, Cler. Dom. Com.

OS

Custom House, London,

5th August 1785.

I do hereby certify, that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the fiooks in mv Office, of the Original Table of Fees for the Port of Yarmouth, and Members, as transmitted by the Principal Officers at that Port, on the 31st August 1716.

TV. Stiles, Secretary.

'J'nrruii'.

I I

QO

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

ao

?r

o

r

w

3

Port Yarmouth.-

Y A RM O U T H.-H E A D PORT.

A

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

11.

12. 13-M. i'5. 16. 17-18.

o

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

1. For every Master’s Report of his Ship Inwards -

2. Entry of a Ship Outwards -

Master’s Report of his Ship Outwards -

Entry of a Ship Inwards -

Cockets Outwards Coastwise -

Discharges -

Coal Warrants ——

Silk and Worsted Debentures (Half per Cent, upon the Sum paid,]

and) 3/5 for the Debenture -Remainder to Account B. N® 20 - - - - -J

Bills of Health, - - D* - - D®, N® 24 -

Bav Yarn, Register 3/6, Remainder to Collectors Clerk, as] per - - D®, N®38.....j

*3* The rest of the Deputy Comptrollers Fees’are placed in the Column under thje Head of Collector’s Clerks.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

3-

4.

5-

6.

7.

8.

9*

10.

— 5

3

3

8

2

8

2

8

2 8

---6

— 35

— 5 —

— 36

For the Use of what Officers:

r~

r~

Customer.

Patent.

-----4

-----4

-----8

6

6

----6

Th(f Dade, Dr Customer.

— 2

— 1

Deputy and Clerks. Patent.

Cockets -

London Traders, at 4/4 each

Hull D® - - 3/2 each

D® D® - - 2/6 each

D® D® - - 1/10 each

Silk Debentures at and above £. 5. Bounty D° - - - - under D®

Extra Attendance, may be averaged each

----4

By Composition, in lieu of 1 d.] per Mark, for the Packages on Board -

-J

Comptroller.

----4

— 1 4

----4

----8

-----10

----10

Geo. Thompson

Deputy and Clerks.

— 1 —

B. Fox.

Searcher.

1 10

— 1 10

4

4

Jos. Ramey.

-----4

— 1

2 6

1 — 1 —

R‘ Clabon.

V|

o

M

o

Patent. iDeputy and Clerks.

>i»a

o B n a:

s yg f

F Jf &

0\

o

til

B.

Port Yarmouth. An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

- or their Deputies or Clerks^ distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

19. Corn and Malt Debentures-paid at the Port - -

20. Silk and Worsted Debentures, Half per Cent upon the Sum paid, and 3/5 for "}

the Debenture - - - _ . _ I

Remainder to the Account N° 8. J

21. Remittances by Bills ....

23. Portage Bills, if £.5 or upwards - - - _ _

23. D* - under £.5- ....

24. Bills of Health, 5/- *. . -

#3* Remainder to Account A. N* 9.

25. Wool Cockets ....

26. Coal Certificates registering -

27. Cockets Inwards, Coastwise, and Sufferance.

28. Special Sufferances ——

29. Yarn and other Licences -

30. Filling up Corn and other Bonds - -

31. Corn Certificates ——

32. Plantation Registers ——

33. Endorsements ——

34. Tonnage Debentures upon the Money paid -

35. For extra Care and Trouble in making out Com and Malt Debentures

36. Entries Inwards, if under a Patent Fee -

37. Filin® Coast Returns -

38. Bay Yarn Registers 3/6 -

Remainder to Accounts. N* 10.

39. Filling up Bonds Coastwise -

40. Making the Masters Entries, and filling up the Documents for the Delivery of

Coals Coastwise ——

41. Methodizing the Shipmaster’s Manifests, and drawing out their Reports

42. Wool Permits ——

43. Sufferances Coastwise, Outwards ——

44. The General Charge for clearing Vessels Outwards, or entering them Inwards, on

a Holiday, or out of Hours, to be divided betwixt Three Clerks, including the Deputy Comptroller, is 2/.; in very few Instances it exceeds that Sum -

The particular Cases are as follows, viz.

45. Ships to Ireland ——

46. Streights, with general Cargoes -

47. D* - with Herrings ——

Collector.

2 per Cent.

— 2 5

81/ per.£. too

— 5 —

5 per Cent,

— 4 "

— 3 — 6

— 35

— 1 5

— 5 —

I per Cent. Thcf Dade.

Collector's

Clerks.

2 —

-- 2

6

6

6

6

— 12

----6

----4

----6

----6

— 2 —

— 26

— 5 —

— 7 6 T. Barber. J. Kent. £. Fox.

Land

Surveyor.

Landing

Waiters.

Coast

Waiters.

Tide

Surveyor.

Weighing

Porter

Tidesmen

On

Surveyor at Norwich.

ON

o

Si*

00

VI

---- 7 I

7*. Tt</T't>c >'- I

' <V' '' /

I I

s.

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

£D

o

FT

o

r

i®

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

48. For every Certificate of Corn and Malt exported -

49. Coal Cocket for Coals delivered -

50. Special Sufferance, when the whole Cargo is delivered in the Roads

51. - - - D° — - if Part of the Cargo is unladen -

52. - - - D# - - - for delivering or lading out of the Limits of the

lawful Quay, if a large Ship -

53. - - - I)0 - - - if a small Ship -

54. Certificate of Portage on the Amount of the Portage due for Goods

delivered at this Port, for every Pound -

55. Certificate of said Portage to be forwarded to other Ports, if the

Number of Pipes delivered is under 50 -

56. I)°---- exceeding 50 ——

57. Ships wrecked, delivered at this Port -

58. Ships delivering on a Holiday -

59. D° ----- if but little Business be done -

60. Established Coasting Traders to London and Hull, each

61. Extra Attendance on Holidays, &c\ for every Cocket Outwards -

62. Of all the Merchants, for measuring and marking their Timber, and delivering

them an Account of the Number of Pieces and Feet contained in each Float; for going Two or Three Miles from Town, and to all Places for their Convenience, for each Load -

63. Of all Captains of Timber Ships, for going at all Times, on Holidays, and from

Sunrise to Sunset, to the Harbour’s Mouth, Beach, and all other Places, for their Convenience, when we can be spared from Business at the Keys

64. Oak Plank, the Loud -

65. On each Pack of Worsted, or Silk and Worsted Stuffs, for attending the shipping

and clearing, on Holidays ——

66. For each Post Entry on Geneva, Brandy, Iron, Hemp, Com, Deals, &c*.

67. For every 100 Barrels of Herrings exported, for attending at unlawful as well

as lawful Quays, at all Times, for the Convenience of the Exporter -

68. For every 100 Pieces of Lead exported, and weighing them, at all Times

69. On each Yarn Ship, for attending them at the Haven’s Mouth, as well as at the

Quays, for the Dispatch of the Importer - -

70. For every Pipe of Wine delivered out the Roads, by Special Sufferance, and

gauging them on any Quay - ....

71. For every Pipe of Wine or Oil delivered and gauged at the lawful Quay, on

Holidays, &c*. ——

72. For every Special Sufferance, w hen a Ship is fully laden, and for attending the

Delivery of Goods at any Quay, on Holidays, and at all other Times -

Collector.

Collector’s

Clerks.

Land

Surveyor.

----- 6

1 t —

— 106

— 10 6

— 5 —

— 2 6

— 26

— 5 —

1 1 —

— 5 —

— 26

Jeff.KiUet

Landing

Wuiurs.

1 1 —

-----6

— 2 —

— 26

1 1 —

— 1

----6

— 10

Coast

Waiters.

Tide Surveyors.

Weighing

Porter.

Tidesmen*

Surveyor at Norwich.

_________<1

Coastwaiter at Lowestoft. 7*.

______ "

O

K>

Oy

C

► g

o B rt

8J1§.

g s-a

s- *»*

O

o

7T

Tide Surveyors. Boatmen.

Tidewaiters. / Riding Surveyors. Riding Officers. Surveyor at Norwich.

Coaslwaiters at Lowestoft.

2 ZS »

| Jt g a 5

Instruments, Document?, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

73. For every Special Sufferance, when a Ship is partly laden

on Holidays, See*. -

74. For extra Attendance on Wrecks, per Diem

75. Ships from Foreign Parts, when fully laden, for attending

the Delivery on Holidays -

76. D* ----- - when not quite laden -

77. For every Ten Quarters of Corn imported or exported,

attending the Landing and Shipping on all Holidays, and at all Times, for the Convenience of the Merchants

78. Cockets out and in, except Colliers -

79. Established Traders from London and Hull, each

80. Packs of Wool, weighing and returning Marks, &c\ per

Pack -

81. Extraordinary Attendance, at Times and Places not re-' quired by Law, wholly submitted to the Parties: No

Account has been kept, but a Shilling is the usual Gratuity; these Emoluments may amount Annually to 8.

82. Clearing Ships on Holidays, &c\ each, One with another

83.

D# -

Number

amongst the Boat’s Crew, 6 in

84. Extra Attendance on Board Ships, from 2/6 to 5/ each

85. Nil....

86. Nil....

87. Permits for the Removal of Wool -

88. Wool Permits -

89. Herrings exported, per Hundred Barrels -

90. Coal Warrants -

Sufferances -

Salt Sufferances -

l or every Ship cleared Outwards with 100 Barrels Red

91*

92.

93-

fa

5=3

O

94.

Herrings

with 500 Barrels D®,

D‘

or more -

95. Besides which, the Commissioners for Salt Duties allow 5 s. for every Ship that takes in 100 Barrels of Her-

rings for Exportation

Collector.

Collector'!

Clerks.

Land

Surveyor-

Landing

Waiters.

~ 5 —

— 5-

— to 6

— 5 —

— 2 —

S. Steel.

Coast

Waiters

— 3 —

J. Master.

Tide Sui \ (jyora.

Weighing

Porter.

— 26

IV. D. Palmer.

— 26

if. M. Cu:

S. Drun

Tidesmen.

— 2 6 Henry Coopcr.

Surveyor at Norwich.

F S’

Id

Chastwaiter at 00 Lowestoft.

-----6

Isaac Hoyle.

0\

O

— 6

2 —

3 —

1 —

3 —

5 ~

10 —

- 5 —

B. JBoldra. OO JV. Stop. V*

I;

95. Besides which, the Commissioners for Salt l^uties allow r> -v- tby every Ship that takes in 100 Liurrcls of Her-for luxportaviou - - — _ _

y/. *

e

10

Port of

A L DB R O'. — Member of Yarmouth.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; for what Business or Document, and for whose Use, the same are

paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees as all others of every Description or Denomination whatever. Total usually paid oneachlnftr ment or Occasion. For the Lfe of what Officer.

f Customer. Comptroller. A Searcher.

/ — Patent. \ Deputy or Clerks. Patent. A Deputy or ClerKs. / Patent. Deputy or Clerks.

£. s. d x- £. s. d. £. s. d.

A Cocket from Port to Port ---- — 410 — — 3 4 — — 1 2 — — . — 4

Overfea Cocket Bills and Report - - - - 9 6 — — 4 8 — — 16 — — 3 4

Inward Entry and Bills ----- — — 3 2 — — 1 — — — 3 4

A Certificate or Return - -- - — — 1 4 _ 8 — 4

A Transire Outwards ------- — — 2 — — — 1 — — 4.

Filing a Certificate - -- 4 — 4

A Transire Inwards - -- — 1 — — 4 — 4 — 4

Going on Board to view a Cocket - -- -- - 4 — - — 4

o

W

o

Attested by us, Edw* Bu, Collector.

Sam1 Aldrich, D. Comptroller,

Co

55

Port of Aldbro'.- — An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees,

or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what- Business or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

W

Ov

o

r4-

CQ

1 — H

n"

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

00

?r

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector. Collector's Clerk. Surveyors, or their Clki Landing Waiters. Coast W alters. Waiters and Searchers. Tiue Surveyors. Warehouse Keeper. Jerquers Weighing Porters. Noon Tenders.

bo Writing a Sufferance Outwards - - - - . - - -O £. s. d.

o

No other Fees taken at this Port but by the Deputies of the Patent Officers, as contained in the Account herewith transmitted.

Attested by us, Edvf Collefitor.

Sami Dr Comptroller.

§ ?1r

? B-

NO

BLACKNEYandCLAY.-Member of Yarmouth.

Port of Blackney and Clay-Ah ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; dHtfnguHhing for what Bufinefi or Document, and for whole

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Inftramenti, Document#, or Services, for which Fees are taken, as well what are called Patent Fees, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever. Total usually For the Use of what Officers.

paid on each instrument Customer. 1 vviupUllUtls &

or Oc cation. 4 Patent. Deputy and Clerks. Patent. Deputy and Clerks. t Patent. Deputy and Clerks*

Tor every Entry of a Ship Inwards £. s. d. — 7 6 £. s. d. — 3 £. s. £. s. d. — 3 4

every Entry of a Ship Outwards - 9 6 — 48 £. 20 per An- . — 1 6 — 34

For every Coast Cocket Outwards - -- -- - — 4 10 — 3 4 num is allowed . — 12 4

every Return Outwards every Certificate Filing ------ — a 4 4 — l 4 from Henry 'Negus, Esq®, to

For every Transire Outwards - -- — 3 4 — 2 — Peter Coble, his . — ,

every Transire Inwards ------ — i — 4 Deputy, for the Receival of - 4

For examining every Ship’s Cocket, at her Arrival Inward and Outwards the said Fees. — — 4

For every Last of Malt or Grain shipped for Exportation ----- {Every Entry Inwards for Ships at Cromer, Mundsley, and Bacion -Extra Fees. ( 2 — 1 — 2

[Every Entry Outward for Ships at D®, - - D®, - - D® For every Special Sufferance to land at an illegal Quay — i — Peter , DT Customer, 12th August K85. 6 6 Nich‘ Abbs, Deputy Comptroller. Rob' Urnrard, Deputy Searcher. I

'$r 'tuvnuv£ 0$z oit

Dy C 'uitomor, l 2th August i 7^j*

J\'/( //' Abbs,

Deputy

Comptroller.

1?obc Ffrrzcard* Deputy Sc*ucijer~

OO

Port of BLACKNEY and CLAY — Ah ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Description whatever (not being Patentees, or tl>eir Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Bnfinels or Documents, and for the Use of what Officer or other Person, hich Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

K>

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever.

For every Master s Report of his Ship Inwards -

every Matter’s Report of his Ship Outwards -every Coast Sufferance Inward and Outwards -every Special Sufferance to land and thip Ooods at an illegal Quay Extral Every Entry Inwards for Ships at Cromer, AIundslcy, and Bacton -Fees J Every Entry Outwards for Ships at 0° - D* - I)*

For attending the landing of Goods from Foreign, at an illegal Quay, by Special Sufferance, per Day -

For attending the loading of every Ship Outwards for Foreign, at an illegal

Quay, by Special Sufferance, per Day....

For attending the Delivery of every Ship Inwards, from Foreign, by Special Sufferance, at Cromer, being 12 Miles from Clay -For attending every Ship that loads for Foreign Parts, by Special Sufferance, per Day ——

For attending every Ship that delivers Inwards, from Foreign Ports, by Special Sufferance, per Day -

For every Coast Sufferance Inwards, landing the Goods at an illegal Quay ——

For every Coast Sufferance Outwards, loading the Goods at an illegal Quay -

For every Pack of Wool, weighing, and thipped Coastwise -

attending every Ship w hen at work on Cromer Main, per Tide -examining and endorsing every Coal Warrant -

attending every Coast Ship Inwards, landing her Cargo, and indorsing the Sufferance - -

For attending the loading of every Coast Ship Outwards, and Indorseinent of Sufferance -

For boarding, rummaging, and clearing every Ship Inwards, from Foreign Parts -

For boarding and inspecting every Ship bound to Foreign Parts, with Goods

Collector. Collector’a

Chrk.

£ s. — \ — '

" 4 G 6 6

Surveyors or their Clerks.

Landing W niters.

Coast

Waiters.

[ Waiters and Searchers.

6.

d.

£. s.

£> sd\

Tide

Surveyors.

W arehouse keepers.

T (Weighing

Jerquers. &

Poitets.

£. s. d.

3 61 3 61

N. B. CoaHwaiter at

i PeterCobIe\

Collector,

J 2th Aug*

1785. |

Thd R Humphrey

J. Hipkm

Clay.

>N. B. Coastwaiter at.

Tho' Humphrey, and IV. Darby.

— 2 6

J. Hipkm

Noon

lenders.

-j

O

w

o

Os

O

'; '; > , , t*

S ,0 XJ T 11 IV O L D.------ Member of Yarmouth. V«k>

N

Port of Southwold. ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whole Use,

such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which Patent Fees are paid, of every Denomination. Total paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For the Use of what Officers.

Customer. Comptroller. A Searcher.

Henry Negus. Geo. Thompson. Jo* Ramey.

For an Overfea Cocket, the Bills, W riting, and Report For a Merchant’s Entry Inwards, and Bills For a Cocket from Port to Port - £. s. . d. _ 9 6 — 7 6 — 4 io s. d. — 4 8 — 3 2 — 3 4 — 1 4 £. f. d. — 1 6 — 12 8 £. s. d. — 3 4 — 3 4 4

0\

Attested by us,

William Mewse, Deputy Customer. George Patrick, Deputy Comptroller. Gabriel Clifton, Deputy Searcher.

Port of Southzcold.----- A n ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs at this Port, who receive Fees, not being Deputies to Patentees; distinguishing

for what Business or Documents such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

o

(Q

i — h

n"

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are taken, on any Occasion whatever. Collector, Wiltr Mouse. D* Comptroller, Geo. Patrick. Tlut Pott, \Vaiter and Searcher-

£. s. d. £. s. d.

To an Inward Report on a Holiday, and out of Office Hours, paid by Compromise on every Report - For writing a Cocket, and clearing from Port to Port, out of Office Hours - -- --For writing a Cocket, and clearing upon a Holiday ------- For writing a Cocket in lawful Hours - - — 2 — — 12 6 6

00

N/V.V V/ &

moo i lours

- I -- 6 i

©o

o

F

to

For writing; a Cocket Outwards (Foreign) on a Holiday -

For certifying and annexing a Return ——

For granting a Special Sufferance at a lawful Quay ——

For granting Sufferance or Warrant at an unlawful Quay -

For granting a Special Sufferance at an unlawful Quay - -

For granting a Sufferance at a lawful Quay -

For receiving a Coast Cocket on Holidays, and out of Office Hours, and granting a Sufferance (paid by Compromise) on every Cocket - ....

For receiving a Coal Cocket, at all Tiroes, out of Office Hours, and granting a Warrant, D° -For writing a Merchant's Entry -

For writing a Wool Permit ——

To the Coastwaiter, for Attendance Inwards and Outwards, on every Sufferance, at a lawful Quay, on Holidays, and out of lawful Hours, paid by ancient Custom, on every Sufferance -

To the Coastwaiter, Attendance upon each Special Sufferance, at an unlawful Quay, pursuant to Board Letter,

dated 19th March 1752.....- -

To the Landwaiter, extra Attendance on Importations, oh gauging 'out of Office Hours, for the Dispatch of Business, paid by ancient-Custom, on each Cask - -

To the Landwaiter, on his Attendance, and inspecting the Coal Meters when on work, with signing their Books (being extra Service) by Order of the Inspectors, in the Year 1764 -

To the Landwaiter’s extra Attendance on Exportation of Corn, for Dispatch of Business, on Holidays, and out of lawful Hours, paid by ancient Custom on each Last -

To the Landwaiter going on Board, and inspecting the Master's Report, paid by ancient Custom -To the Landwaiter’s Attendance in measuring Timber, and landing Deals, &c\ out of lawful Hours, and on Holidays, paid by ancient Custom, on every Ship -

----- 6

-----4

-----4

----6

-----2

----8

----8

----6

----6

Custom House, Southwold, the 3d August 1785.

JVm Mewse, Collector.

G. Patrick, D. Comptroller.

— 2 —

-----2

— 2 —

— 10 6

O

W

O

That Pott, Land and Coast

!Waiter, and Acting, Surveyor.

10

ON

o

to

c

o

(Q

N

CD

CL

CT

o

o

00

n

10

ft CT> *»

g

F §?

s

6-

o

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

£2*3

rn rc> XL

wt

Port of Wo

WOODBR IDGE.-Member of Yarmouth.

-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the Patent Officers, their Deputies or Clerks; distinguishing for what Business or Document, and for whose

Use, such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

Id

Instruments, Docoraents, or Services, for which Fees are taken, at well what are called Patent Feet, as all others, of every Description and Denomination whatever.

For every Master's Report of his Ship Inwards -Entry of a Ship Outwards

Report of a Ship Outwards -Special Sufferance to land at an illegal Quay Coast Sufferance Inwards or Outwards -Merchant’s Entry Inwards, and Bills Cocq* from Port to Port -Certificate of Goods being landed Coastwise Transire Outwards -

Filing a Certificate

Transire Inwards -

Going on Board, and viewing a Cocquet -

Entering and clearing Vessels on Holidays

Custom House,

5th August 1745*

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion.

Customer.

Patent.

IQ.

7 6

4 10

2 4

3 4

— 4

1 —

— 4

4 8

3 2

3 4

1 4

2 —

— 4

— 4

Deputy and Clerks.

For the Use of what Officers s

_____________xv_____________

Comptroller.

Patent.

— 1 6

— 12 8

— 1 —

— 4

Deputy and Clerks.

IO

— 1

Searcher.

Patent.

3 4

— 3 4

— — 4

---4

Deputy and Clerks.

-----6

-----6-

----4

----4

Attested by us, Rob* RUtowe, Co. Deputy Customer,-M. Lam9 Surv'and Dy Searcher,

Port of Woodbridge.-An ACCOUNT of all Fees usually taken by the several- Officers of the Customs at this Port, and of all others, of every Descrip tiorrwhatfever (not being

Patentees, or their Deputies or Clerks) distinguishing for what Business or Documents, and for the Use of w hat Officer or other Person, Such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

10

o

V

1

Instruments, Documents, or Services, for which such Fees are takeu, on any Occasion whatever.

2

so

For every Entry Inwards, and Bills ——

Oversea Cocqf, Bills, and Report -Ship's Report Inwards

Coast Cocke t Outwards -

Coast Cocq1 Inwards, and Certificate -

Transire Inwards

Coast Entry, Certificate, and Warrant -

Special Sufferance to land or deliver at illegal Quays

Suilerance ——

Entering and clearing Vessels on Holidays ——

Attending Vessels 8 Miles Distance, shipping or delivering Goods at all Times, each Voyage Attending Coasting Vessels on Holidays -

Gauging at all limes and Places, and delivering the Merchant the Contents of each Pipe or

Puncheon ..... - - .

Measuring limber from Oversea, 3 d. per Load -

Clearing Vessels from Oversea at any Time or Place ——

Attending and delivering Goods, viz. Deals, dec, each Ship

Custom House,

5th August 178$.

Collector.

— 6 — -----11

— — 11 6

— 1 8

— — 10 6

— 16

Collector*

Clerk.

Surveyors or their Clerks.

----6

— — 10

~ 5 —

-----3

— 10 6

— 12 —

landing W alters.

Coast

Waiters.

Waiter* and Searchers.

Tide

Sarveya

Warehouse

Keeper.

Jerqaers.

Weighing

Porters.

Noon

Tenders.

Attested by as, Rob> Collector.

il. Lane, Surveyor.

00

27 Geo. Ill;

2 6° Januarii.

33 5

N* 42.

The Examination of Esquire; taken

upon Oath, May 22d and 27th, August 10th, October 2d and 4th, and November 1 ith, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That the Recompences or Gratuities received by the Officers of the Customs, are taken under- the Authority of the Act of the 6th and 7th of William the Third, and he knows of no other legal Authority for this Species of Gratuity. These Recompences are for Business done by the Officer at Times or Places not required by Law.

The Times not required by Law, are either out bf Office Hours, as settled by the Rules annexed to the Book of Rates, or on Holidays. The Places not required by Law, are all those not being legal Quays; The legal Hours of Business at present remain as fixed by the Rules above mentioned. The Hours of Attendance by the Officers who sit in the Custom House at the Gut Ports, are different from those who sit in the Custom House in the Port of London; but the Hours of Attendance of the Waterside Officers are in Practice the same in and at the Out

Ports.

The Holidays Annually kept in the Department of the Customs, are Forty-five in Number; Thirty-one of them are founded upon the Authority of the following Acts of Parliament,. the 5th and 6th of 'the 6th, Chap. 3; the Third of James 1st, Chap, l; the 12th of Charles 2d, Chap, the 14th ajid 30th; and the 19th of Charles 2d, Chap. 3: The remaining Fourteen are customary, but he does not know the original Authority for them; they are not founded, as he is informed by the proper Law Officer, upon any specific. Acts of Parliament Most of the Holidays, if they fall upon a Sunday, are not kept, some are.

The Board of Customs do not meet on Holidays. Five Commissioners attend on Days of Business (subject to the following Exception) although Four of them constitute a Board, and are competent to every Official Transaction whatever. The excepted Days are Mondays and Saturdays in the Summer Half Year, which is from the 15th of April to the 15th of November; and Mondays only in the Winter FJalf Year. One Commissioner always attends upon the excepted Days, unless they are Holidays.

If the Merchants make previous Application to the Board, for Leave to work on a Holiday, that Permission is constantly granted.

To all Orders for the Payment of Money, the Signature of Four Commissioners is essential. To almost all the other ordinary Business of the Customs for the Port of London, in which the Merchants are concerned, the Signature of One Commissioner is sufficient.

All Orders respecting the Out Ports, which require to be signed by the Commissioners, are signed by Four of them. A great Part of the common and regular Bqsiness, in regard to the Out Ports, goes on bf course by Means of the Secretary, the Western and Northern Clerks, under the Authority of the Board; but in those Cases where a final Order from the Board is necessary, the same is signed by Four Commissioners.

The legal Quays are such as have been appointed and described in Commissions issued out of the Court of Exchequer. The Business not transacted upon the legal Quays is done by Special Sufferance, this Sufferance is made out by the proper Officers in the Long Room, and there must be the Signature of One Commissioner to every such Sufferance 1 The Execution of it is principally committed to the Landing Surveyors, Landing and Deputy King’s Waiters.

At an Out Port the same Kind of Sufferance is granted, and signed by the Collector and Controller and executed by the Waterside Officers.

The Coast Bonds taken by the Customer are required to bq taken with the Approbation of the Collector and Controller, which is to be signified by their being Witnesses thereto. All the Coast Bonds, either certified or uncertified, are to be transmitted at certain Periods to the Remembrancer of the Exchequer; together with a List thereof, which is to be examined and signed, as well by the Collector as the Patent Officers. A like Schedule is at the same Time required to be seut to the Commissioners of the Customs, and another to the Solicitor for Coast Bonds. All these Schedules are to be signed as aforesaid.

W. Stiles.

A Piggott,

SamI Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond

Wilt11 Jloe.

N* 43-

A LIST of the Holidays kept in the Department of the Customs during the Year.

January February March -April -May June -July August -September October -November December

- 1, 6, 18, 25, 30

- 2, 24 - -

25 -

23,25 -

1, 19, 29 -

4, 11, 24, 29 -25 -1,12,24

2, 21, 22, 29 -18, 25, 28

1, 4, 5, 9, 30 -21, 25, 26, 27, 28

Vol. 48.

Besides which the undermentioned Holidays are kept, on the Days on which they respectively happen; viz1.

Ash-Wednesday,

Good-Friday, 1 Easter-Monday, I

.---- Tuesday, \ - -

Holy-Thursday, (

Whit-Monday, I ---- Tuesday, J

Total - -

Custom House, London,

4th February 1786. W. Stiles, Secretary.

5

2

1

2

3

4 1

3

4

3

5 5

45

N* 44.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts,

0

eg'

1 f

n‘

CD

|Q>

cr f<

o

o

o

>0

FT

- - - -i, W* V . Y - _ - —

)r — c ..r- -,.-

A LIST of the Out Ports and Creeks in the Customs where Tables of Fees taken by the Officers at such respective Ports and Creeks are hung up in any Office or Place thereunto

belonging; and distinguishing whether those Tables consist of Fees authorized by any Act of Parliament, or of all Fees usually taken.

ON

Places at which Tables are affixed.

a

n

M

tr» H *

r t Head Pprts. Member Ports. s Creeks.

Berwick -

1 Alemouth - -

Boston - - j.

Bridgwater - "1 1

« Minehead - - i / i

Bristol 4 - - - -<

1 Cardjffe - \

Newport A bertha w -

Chepstow - -

Swansey -

Carlisle - Neath - -J

Whitehaven I " '|

Chester - J

Beaumaris -Lancaster - 1 'i -

Leverpool - Ulvcrstone - -;

Pi*eston . J

Authority by which the Fees are taken.

Ancient Usase

O

Year 1660 -

\ C r5»

.1: "

Officers by whom the Fees are taken.

Customer, Comptroller, Searcher.

- IL* 2? iSL #1 r - .

Customer, Controller, Searcher, Collector, Surveyor,. Landing Waiter, and Clerks.

'(Customer, Controller, Searcher, Collector, Surveyor, and Landing / Waiter.

Customer, Controller, Searcher.

Customer Outw<#1

Copy of the General Table in each of their Offices.

Ancient Usage

A separate Table in each Office.

Ancient Usage

D*

D*

Customer Inwd#

Comptroller,

Searcher.

f Customer Outwd*

Customer Inwd*

Comptroller,

Searcher, k King’s Waiters.

Customer, Controller, Searcher, Surveyor, Landing Waiter. Customer, Controller, Searcher, Surveyor, Collector and Clerk.

os

G

Customer, Controller* Searcher.

Settled in 1735 or 1736, by Arbitrators ’tween the

Patent Officers of Carlisle, and the Merchants of |1 Customer, Controller, Searcher. Whitehaven- - - - - -J

1

Orders of the II0 of Commons, 19 May 1662, & 11 April 1670 -

Customer, Controller, and Searcher.

M

GQ

\ l'Chlon

- \

-»\

u

-J?

g

eg’

i — *-

n'

CD

cr

o

o

o

oo

Chichester

o

to

Exeter

Gloucester

Hull

Ipswich

Lynjt

Milford -

L3

T)

Newcastle

S>

O

a

Arundell -Newhaven -Rye -

Shoreham

Hastings -East Bourn

‘ { Bri

Brighthelmstone

Barnstaple -Bideford -Dartmouth Ilfracombe -

Bridlington

Scarborough

Colchester -Harwich -Leigh Maldc

ion

Wells

i Wisbech -

Aberystwith Cardii

Llanelly

Stockton

Sunderland Whitby

Ancient Usage.

Ancient Usage.

! Tenby Haverfordwest -

Ancient Usage. -

Order of the House of Commons the 17 May, 1662.

Order of the House of Commons 17th May, 1662.

Ancient Usage.

Hartlepool

Ancient Usage.

Customer, Controller, Searches

Customer, and Controller.

Officers not distinguished.

Customer, Controller, Searcher, and Collector. Customer, Controller, Searcher.

No Table affixed.

Customer, Controller, Searcher, and Collector. Customer, Controller, Searcher.

Order of the House of Commons, 17 May, 1662, and ancient Usage.

Customer, Controller, Searcher. D* D* D*

Customer, Controller, Searcher.

-J

o

Pi

o

p

1

5

1 Custom*, Controller, Searcher, Deput* and Clks, Land* Surv',

J Tide Surv*, Landing Waiter, Coast Waiter, Coal Inspector.

Customer, Controller, Searcher, Clerk, and Coast Waiter.

ICustom*, Cont', Searcher, Depy‘ and Clerks, Surveyor, Land* J Waiter, and Coast Waiter, Tide Surveyor.

Customer, Controller, Searcher, and Collector.

Customer, Controller, Searcher.

Customer, Controller, Searcher.

Customers, Controller, and Searcher.

j- Customer, and Deputy Controller, and Deputy Searcher.

"1 Customer, Controller, Searcher, and Deputies, Land* Surveyor, Tide J Surv*, Landing Waiter, Waiter, and Searcher.

"I Custom', Control!*, Searcher, Collector, Tides Waiter, Coast Waiter, / Coal Meters.

>§ 5? 3 2 -.3 »

O

or £

pif B-

CM

00

Places at which Tables are affixed.

Head Ports.

Plymouth

Poole

Sandwich

Southampton

Yarmouth

Member Ports.

Falmouth -

Fowey

Gwick

Looe

Padstow

Penryn

Penzance St Ives Truro Scilly -

Lyme -Weymouth

Deal -Dover

Faversham -Rochester -

Cowes

Portsmouth

3

Creeks.

:j

-1

A Id borough Dlackney Southwold -

Woodbridge- '

Custom House* London, 5th July 1786.

Authority by which the Fees are taken.

Ancient Usage.

Order of the House of Commons, n April, 1670.

Officers by whom the Fees are taken.

Custom', Controller, Searcher. Officers not distinguished. Customer, Comptroller, Searcher.

D® D® D°

D° D# D®

D° D° D°

Order of the House of Commons 11 April, 1670.

Agreement between the Merchants and Officers, under Sanction of an Order of Council, 20th Oct' 1624, and ancient Usage.

Order of the House of Commons 17th May, 1662. D# and Ancient Usage.

"I Custom', Compt', Searcher, Land* Surv', Tide Surv', Land* Waiter, / Coast Waiter, Jerquer, and Tide Waiter.

No Table affixed.

Customer, Controller, Searcher.

D° D° D°

No Table Affixed.

Customer, Comptroller, Searcher.

Customer, Comptroller, Searcher.

[Customer, Comptroller, Searcher.

o

V

at

3.

Customer, Comptroller, Searcher.

Ditto and Collector.

Customer, Comp', Searcher, and Depu*. J Collector, Surveyor, and Waiter.

J. Dailey.

00

7 Geo. Ill

26° Januarii. 239

thereupon, it does not appear that the Sum taken by the N* 45. same Officers for the same Business, at the Mead Port,

1 always governs those correspondent Circumstances at

The Examination of Mr ..John Dailey; taken upon its Dependencies.

Oath, August 3d, 7th, and nth, 1786. At very few Ports the Tables hung up comprehend

any of the Coast Fees, except those to the Patent Officers. This Examinant saith, That the List of the Out Ports ‘ The Coast Fees inserted in these Tables for the same and Creeks, in the Customs, where Tables of Fees taken Business, to the same Officers, at different Ports, differ by the Officers hre hung up in any Office or Place very considerably. He apprehends, that at most of the thereunto belonging, was made out by him, from Returns Ports there is a Sort of Rule or Practice, which regu-authenticated by the proper Officers, at the several late3 the Sum paid by the Merchant to the Officer, for Ports, and transmitted to the Board of Customs. In Extra Service, under the Act of the 6th and 7th of this List all the Out Ports are inserted, and such of them the Third, but in the Tables set up, very rarely

as have no Tables of Fees affixed are distinguished; but the Recompence for that Species of Service is inserted, ose Creeks only where Tables are hung up are entered, In the Port of ,the only Tables of Fees affixed and the others omitted. in the different Offices, are of those taken by such

The Fees contained in these Tables are, with few Patent Officers as are included in the Table made out Exceptions, confined to those taken by the Patent and signed by the Order of the House of Commons of Officers; but it does not appear that at any Port, except 1662, and of those taken in the Secretary’s Office. The the Port of Bristol, they comprehend all the Fees taken Tables in the Patent Offices consist only of the Fees by them, and very rarely those taken by their Deputies comprehended in the Table above mentioned, and not are at all inserted. of those taken by their Deputies and Clerks; that in the

At all the Ports for which there are Tables made out Secretary’s Office contains all the Fees taken in that and signed, pursuant to the Order of the House of Office, but not the Gratuities.

Commons, those Tables are affixed, and at some of those In the Port of London there is not in any Office any Ports Tables of Fees of Usage are so likewise; but Paper set up for public View, declaring that no Fee is neither at the Ports of the above Description, nor at due in such Office; nor, from the Inquiries he has the Ports where the Fees taken by the Officers rest made, and the Information he has been able to procure, solely upon Usage, are all the Fees received at the Port does it appear that such Notice or Declaration is included in the Table or Tables hung up; in general, as affixed in the Offices at the Out Ports or Creeks belong-he apprehends, a considerable Part of the Fees taken ing to the Customs.

at the Port are not comprehended therein; and some- J. Dailey.

times the Fee stated in those Tables is not the whole Neave,

Sum received by the Officer, for the Instrument, Docu- Samf tnent, or Service specified. Geo.

Upon a Comparison of the Tables hung up at the Roe.

Head Port, and at the Members and Creeks dependent

Vo l. 42.

N* 46.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts*

g

cq'

r+

n

CD

Q_

cr

N# 46-

FEES and Allowances due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty's Customs and Subsidies, in the Port of Bristol, and the Members and Creeks belonging thereto.

RATES of Fees Inwards, to be paid (by the Merchants free of the Hall) to the Officers, to be divided as formerly.

BRISTOL.

For the Presentment of every Ship or Bark, with Bond to permit the Officers a

Board ....

For every Entry and Warrant, English -

For every Return to a Coast Cocket -

For every Bill of View, with Return -

For Entry of a Bark from Port to Port -

For Entry of the Goods ——

For all Sorts of Certificates -

For all Bonds taken for His Majesty’s Use -

For examining every Foreign-built Ship, whether belonging to Aliens, giving the Master a Certificate of his being cleared, registering, and returning up a Duplicate of said Certificate to London -

For the Waiter’s Fee for endorsing every Cocket -

For the Waiter’s Fee on every Warrant -

RATES of Fees, to be paid by all not free of the Merchants Hall,

in the Port of Bristol.

For the Presentment of every Ship or Bark (not belonging to the City) but English ——

For the Bond to permit the Officers a Board -

For every Entry and Warrant, English -

For all Sorts of Certificates -

For a Return to a Coast Cocquet -

For Entry of a Vessel from Port to Port -

For Entry of the Goods -

For all Bonds that shall be taken for His Majesty’s Use -

For the Presentment of every Alien’s Ship, with Bond - -

For every Stranger's Warrant -

t —

— 4

— 6

l — i —

i 6 l 6

3 —

— 4

— 4

1 — 6 8

2 —

c

U>

Aliens to pay Double Fees.

Signed by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, dated May 17th, 1662.

Ed. Turner.

Examined per John Shai'pe.

The above is a true Copy of the Table of Fees set up in the Custom House, Bristol.

— 1

— l

— 1

RATES of Fees Outwards, to be paid from all that are free of the Merchants Hall in Bristol.

For Entry of every Vessel, and Presentment -

For a Bond to permit the Officers a Board -

For every Cocquet ——

For endorsing every Man’s Cocquet for Goods transported by Licence For every Cocquet? with Bond from Port to Port For filling the Certificate, in Discharge of the Bond

All Goods (except Skins) laden for One Man’s Accompt, in One Bottom, to be comprized in One Cocquet, for the Fee -When Allowance is made for Goods lost at Sea, One Cocquet to pass for each Man’s Goods, although for several Quantities, by the usual Fee of All Goods in Partnership (under One Mark) to be comprized in One Warrant *

RATES of Fees Outwards, to be paid by all, not free of the Merchants Hall, Bristol.

For the Entry and Presentment of a Vessel from beyond the Seas -For a Warrant ——

For a Gloucester Let Pass ——

For a Let Pass down Severn ——

For an English Warrant -

For a Warrant of Skins and Butter -

For a Double Entry -

For an Endorsement -

For a Port Cocquet ——

For a Double Cocquet -

For a Bill of Health -

For a Warrant for Cloth, Blanketing, and Hops -

Fora Warrant for Ireland, that are not free of Bristol -

For Entry of Vessel from Port to Port -

For Presentment for an Alien’s Ship -

For clearing of an Alien s Vessel -

For an Alien’s Warrant -

For clearing the Ship, with Bond, without Ordnance -For clearing a Ship, with Bond, with Ordnance -

For an Affidavit ——

For telling the Skins, the Dicker -

IV" Goldsborough, Cler. Dom. Com.

Examined, the 17th Day of June 1693, by Mariat.

Examined, 25th November 1693, per Janies Croft.

Custom House, Bristol, June 14th 1786.

The above is a true Copy of the Table of Fees, set up in our respective Offices.

IV m Custr lowe*.

A. P. Codings, C’uslr Outwards.

1

3

1

2

1

2 5

4

6

8

6

----6

— - 4 — 8

— 5 ~ 3

— 3

— 6 — 4

~ 3

— 1

— 2 2

6

4

8

4

6

6

— 26

6

6

2

4

6

4

2

2

kO ON

o

~ 3.

00

______x,j me jlhuic of V’c'cs set up in the Custom House, Dristol.

custom House, Iiristol, June 14th 1786.

rrhe above is a true Copy of the 'T'nHle of iV

g

to’

N

CD

CL

cr <

n

o

o

00

o

p-

Customer Outwards Office, Bristol.

A LIST of FEES taken in this Office.

03

Cocket round Land -

Other Cockets -

Filling up Bond and Certificate for British Linen exported -

Ditto - - - if for a small Quantity - -

Ditto ----- for Corn, Gunpowder, and Silk Stuffs exported

Ditto ----- for Coals and Coffee exported -

Ditto - - - - for Coast -

Certificates for Drawbacks, &c*. viz. for Salt, refined Sugar, and Sail Cloth -Special Sufferance, for shipping Goods Coastwise -

Ditto ----- Foreign -

Entry for Goods exported — Copies and Warrant -

Ditto - -’ - if large -

Clearing a Vessel for Foreign Parts - - - - -

Ditto - - to Ireland, or Second Clearance -Ditto — on a Holyday, extra Writing a Report Outw ards, of C)ne Side -

Ditto - - - to Ireland, and Ships in Ballast -

Ditto - - - of more than One Side, for every Side Writing a Second Clearance on the Report Outwards -Entering out a Vessel Coastwise - -

Transires above the Holmes - - Gloucester -

Ditto ----- Chepstow and Newport -

Ditto ----- Cardiffe - -

Transires below the Holmes - -

Filing a Return, to cancel a Coast Bond -

Permits for Vessels to depart the Port in Ballast, arrived Coastwise

Total.

Customer Outwards.

For the Use of what Officer.

Comptroller.

Ditto

arrived from Foreign Ports

— 6 10

~ 5 4

— 26

— r 6

3 4

4 5

= — 2 —

— r 9

----6

----6

— 2 6

— 3 ~

----9

---- 6

-to

— 26

— 3 6

- 4

— 2 6

---- 6

Patent.

Depu ty and Clerks.!

— 2

— 2

8

8

----10}

— — 10}

— 1-8

— 1 ’8

-----4

— 2 6

— 2 6-

— 1 6

~ '3 4-~4 5-

— 1 9

— — 6-

— &

— 2 6

— -3 6-

' — p-

— — - tr

— — S

----- §

— — 4

— — ta

' — — 8-- — 22

— -2 6- — ~ 6-

Patent.

4

4

Searcher.

Patent.

4

4

---- 54-

----- 54-

---- 10

----10

Certificate, Sufferance and Copy, for the shipping of Wine and other Goods Coastwise - - , -

N. B. The Masters of Coasters (constant Traders) pay from 2/6 to 4/6 twice a Year, for extra Trouble and Attendance.

The Remainder of the Fees due to the Customer Outwards are received (for the Conveniency of the Merchant) in the Comptroller’s Office.

The above is a true Copy of the Table set urrin the Office. ' ‘ ,

- - - - A. P. CollingSj-Cusi Outwards*

4

4

4

4

o

tn

O

Os

g 2? a

o — -o JJ*

= 1 = 1 s SI 7L

Port of B R IS TOZ.- — Customer Outwards Office.

A TABLE of all FEES due to this Office.

4

Presentments on Foreign Ships Outwards -

D° - - on British Ships Outwards -

Plantation Bonds and Plantation Certificates -

Clearing Bills for Foreign Ships -

D° - - for British Ships, with Guns -

D* - - for — D° - - without Guns, -

D0 - -- -- to Ireland -

Victualling Bills - - - _ .

Debentures -

Registers for Ships to go to the Plantations

Returns received for cancelling Coast Bonds -

Subsidy Warrants for British Goods exported by Persons free of the Merchants Hall D° ----- for D* ----- _ not free - -

Certificates for Land Carriage....

Certificate Warrants for Goods exported by Persons free of the Merchants Hall D° - - - for D* - - - - not free -

Coast Cockets Outwards -

D° - - round Land -

Let Pass or Transire, above the Holmes, Gloucester -

D* - -- Chepstow and Newport

D* - -- Cardiffe

D° - - - below the Holmes - -

Out Entry for Coasters ——

Subsidy Entries for Short Cloths, Hops, &c\ -

A Bill of Health ——

An Affidavit -

Filling up Bond and Certificate for British Linen exported -

D* - - - - if for a small Quantity ——

D0 - - - - for Corn, Gunpowder, and Silk Stuffs, exported -

Filling up Bond and Certificate for Coals and Coffee exported -D° ----- for Coast - -

Certificates for Drawbacks, &c\ viz*, for Salt, Refined Sugar, and Sailcloth

Special Sufferance for shipping Goods Coastwise -

D° - - - Foreign ——

Copies and Warrant for an Entry for Goods exported -

D* - - - if large -

Clearing a Vessel for Foreign Parts, on a Holyday, extra -

Writing a Report Outwards, of One Side -

D" - - to Ireland, and Ships in Ballast -

D° - - of more than One Side, for every Side -

Writing a Second Clearance on the Report Outw ards -

Permits for Vessels to depart the Port in Ballast, arrived Coastwise -

D° - -- arrived from Foreign Parts -

Certificate, Sufferance, and Copy, for the shipping of Wine and other Goods Coastwise

The above Account comprehends all Fees received on Account of the Customer Outwards, and Clerks, and is a true Copy of a Table of Fees set up in iny Office.

W i4^1i June, *786.

6 8

1 aw

8

5 2

4 2

3 6

2 —

1 1*

1 8

1 —

— 4

9t

1 It

2 —

1 4r

2 1T

3 8

5 2

1 2*

1 8*

2 4

3 10

— 10

2 - —

3 4

2 6

2 6

1 6

3 4

4 5

2 —

1 9

— 6

1 6

1 3 1 6

9

— 6

1 3

1 2 6

— 6

*3

ON

►H

00

P. Cuttings, Cust' Outward*.

»\iv>\ C'o\>y,

- mrviv«'d irom Foreign Pm ta — —

iuu of w ino HU«1 C ioo<U C\»nHtwiMO

:l =

6

a

O

>0

g

(Q

H-

n‘

CD

CL

cr

Port of B R IS TOL. Customer Inwards Office.

o

o

o

oo

?T

A LIST of FEES taken in this Office.

A Report on One Side of a Sheet, for a Foreign Vessel, Inwards -

Two Sides, Ditto ——

Three Sides, Ditto ——

Four Sides, Ditto ——

Reporting a Foreign Ship on a Holiday (extra) -

Manifests for Ships Reports Inwards, if made out by the Clerks at the Request of the Merchant -

Copies of a Foreign Ship’s Reports Inwards, when bound to another Port with Part of her Cargo -

A Cocket on Coasters from the Eastward, or on this Side the Holms, under 40 Tons, with Permit -

Ditto - from the Westward, or on the other Side the Holms, under 40 Tons, D® - -

Ditto - Ditto - above 40 Tons, D° ——

A Transire, or Let Pass, from the Eastward, or on this Side the Holms, without Permit to discharge-

Ditto - Ditto - - - - with Ditto -

Ditto - from the Westward, or on the other Side the Holms, under 40 Tons, with Permit -

Ditto - above - - Ditto - above 40 Tons, with D° -

Every add1 Cocket or Let Pass (each) ——

Permit to discharge Goods ——

Ditto to discharge any Coasting Vessel, granted on an Holiday (extra) or Special Sufferance to land at an unlawful Quay Return or Certificate to cancel Coast Bonds at the Port of loading ——

Ditto - if the Cocket has been dated Six Months (extra) - - - ~ ——

A Second Return, when the First is lost or mislaid -

Endorsing a Coast Cocket or Transire, when Part of the Goods is carried to another Port -

Bond for the Exportation or Removal of East India Goods, and Bugle -

Ditto - for the Exportation of Wine ——

Ditto - for the Importation of Bay Yam, &c. from Ireland -

Licence for Ditto ——

Bond and Affidavit given for the Exportation of Irish Linei) -

D® - - for British and Irish - -

A Register ——

Ditto - on Parchment ——

For whose Use received.

Vj

o

M

O

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. ✓ — i Customer Inward. Comptroller. Patent King's* Waiter.

Patentee. Deputy and ' Clerks. Patentee. Patentees.

— 26 - Q ... - — 2 6 0

5 — 3 —

— 5 - 5 —

— 26 - — 26

- - — I —

2 — — It 8 1 6

— I 6 8 6 - 4

— 2 — 8 — 1 — - 4

— 1 8 8 - 1 —

— 2 2 8 6 - — l —

— 2 2 8 6 - — 4 1 —

2 8 8 — 1 — - — 1 —

I — -m — 1 —

6 - 6

— 1 — — 1 —

3 — — 1 4 - _ 8 — 1 —

6 -6 -

— 3 — - — . 3 —

— 1 — - — 1 —

— 4 5 - — 45

— 2 it - — 2 ti

— 3 5 - — 3 5

— 26 - — 2 6

_ j ^^ — 26 - — 2 6

— 5 — - > — ' 5 — 1 ►

M

2.

3

On

o

If

§ ho‘i S* S-

o

o

o

°2-

r5"

§ I:* a ? s- »*

*3

Entering a Register granted at any other Port, or endorsing a Register ——

Certificate and Affidavit to obtain a Freedom, or a new Register ——

Rond for delivering up a lost Register

A Damage or Over Entry Certificate on Goods (the Drawback under 20/.) -

Ditto ----- (the Drawback above 20/.) ——

Entry Inwards, on Sugar, Rum, &c\ ——

Ditto - on Wine, &c\ -

Entry Outwards, by Permit for Goods entered Inwards Duty-free or out of Time -

Copies for Entries, if made out by the Clerks, at the Request of the Merchant ——

Certificate for making out Debentures (Single Affidavit) -

Ditto - - - (Double Affidavit) -

Ditto - (Treble Affidavit) -

Entering Certificate of Credit from the Searchers on Goods exported by Debenture- ——

Certificates to cancel Bonds given in the Plantations, and all Sorts of Certificates ——

Ditto - to cancel Bay and Woollen Yarn Bonds given in Ireland -

Certificate and Affidavit for Muslins, & c\ returned to London ——

Certificate and Copies for the Removal of Wines by Land Carriage, when made at this Office (the Remover generally bringing them ready for signing) ——

Entering Condemnation and Certificate of Freedom ....

For a Second Warrant - -

Affidavit to cancel Bonds for prohibited East India Goods, or Bugles to Africa ——

Copy of a Certificate for a London Debenture ——

Bond for, and Entry of Tobacco ——

From each Landing Waiter, Deputy King’s Waiter, and Tide Surveyor, for Copies of Ships Reports Inwards, by Order of the Honourable Commissioners, dated 1st March 1708 (per Quarter) ——

S’

The Remainder of the Fees due to the Customer Inwards are received, for the Conveniency of the Merchant, in the Comptroller’s Office, and is a true Copy of a lable of Fees set up in my Office.

14th June 1786.

lVm Whitby, Custr.

Total usually paid on each Instrument or Occasion. For whose Us<

Customer Inward.

Patentee. Deputy and A Clerks.

— 1 — - — 1 —

— 10 6 - — id 6

— 4 5 - — 4 5

1 - 6

— 2 — - 1

6 - 6

— 1 — - 1

— 1 — - 1

6 - — — 6

— 16 m — 1 6

— 2 — - — 2 —

— 26 - — 26

— 1 — m — 1 —

— 1 — - - — 1 —

— 1 — "* - — 1 —

6 - 6

— 26 - — 2 6

]: :: — 1 —

— 2 6 - — 2 6

— 2* 6 — 2 6

Comptroller.

Patentee.

----6

Patent King’s Waiter.

Patentees.

----6

Q\

o

I:

00

7 Geo. III.

Port of BRISTOL: CUSTOMER INWARDS OFFICE.

245

A L I S T of all Fees due to this Office:

A Report on One Side of a Sheet, for a Foreign Vessel Inwards *.

if British -

Two Sides D° ——

if British -

Three Sides D° ——

if British - -

Four Sides D* ——

if British ——

Reporting a Foreign Ship on an Holiday (extra) -

Manifest for Ships Reports Inwards, if made out by the Clerks, at the Request of the Merchant Copies of a Foreign Ship’s Report Inwards, when bound to another Port with Part of her Cargo A Cocket on Coalters from the Eastward, or on this Side the Holms, under 40 Tons, with Pei mit -

D°----- from the West ward, or on the other Side the Holms, under D0-D* -

D®----- D®----- above D®--D® ——

A Transire or Let Pals from the Eastward, or on this Side the Holms, without Permit to discharge

D"----

D°----

D°----

D®

with D#

from the Westward, or on the other Side the Holms, under 40 Tons, with Permit D°------ above D°----- D° ——

Every add1 Cocquet or Let Pass (each) - . ....

Permit to discharge Goods, &c\ - - - - .

Ditto to discharge any Coasting Vessel, granting on an Holiday (extra) or Special Sufferance to land at an unlawful Quay ——

Return or Certificate to cancel Coast Bonds at the Port of Loading -

Ditto if the Cocket has been dated Six Months (extra) -

A Second Return, when the First is lost or mislaid - -

Endorsing a Coast Cocket or Transire, w hen Part of the Goods is carried to another Port

Rond for the Exportation or Removal of East India Goods and Bugle -

D® for the Exportation of Wine -

D* for the Importation of Bay Yarn, &c\ from Ireland -

licence for Ditto ——

Rond and Affidavit given for the Exportation of Irish Linen -

D*------ for British and Irish - - .

A Register -

Ditto - on Parchment ——

Entering a Register granted at any other Port, or endorsing a Register -

Certificate and Affidavit to obtain a Freedom, or a new Register -

Rond for delivering up a loft Register -

A Damage or Over Entry Certificate on Goods (the Drawback under 20 -

Ditto - (the Drawback above 20 s.) ——

Entry Inwards on Sugar, Rum, &c». - -- --....

Ditto - on Wine, &c\ -

Entry Outwards by Permit, for Goods entered Inwards Duty-free, or out of Time - -

Copies for Entries, if made out by the Clerks, at the Request of the Merchant -Certificate for making out Debentures (Single Affidavit) ——

Ditto - (Double Affidavit) ——

Ditto - (Treble Affidavit) - - -....

Entering Certificates of Credit from the Searchers, on Goods exported by Debenture -Certificate to cancel Bonds given in the Plantations, and all Sorts of Certificates -

D°----- to cancel Bay and Woollen Yam Bonds, given in Ireland -

Certificate and Affidavit for Mullins, &c *. returned to London -

Certificate and Copies for the Removal of Wines by Land Carriage, when made this Office, the Remover generally bringing them ready for signing ——

Entering Condemnation and Certificate of Freedom -

Por a Second Warrant ——

Affidavit to cancel Bonds for prohibited East India Goods, or Bugles to Africa - -

Copy of a Certificate for a London Debenture -

Bond for, and Entry of Tobacco -----....

From each Landing Waiter, Deputy King’s Waiter, and Tide Surveyor, for Copies of Ships Reports Inwards, by Order of the Honh' Comm1*, dated ift March 1708 (per Quarter)

Entry Inwards on each J?erlbn’s Account, not free of the Merchants Hall -

D®----- free of D°.....-

Certificate Entry -

s. a.

9 2

3 6 9 8

4 —

10 8

5 —

11 8

6 —

2 6 1 —

0 — ___

1 2 1 2 1 8

— 8 1 2

1 2

1 8

1 — .

— 6

1 — 1 4

— 6

3 —

1 —

4 5

2 11

3 5

1 —

2 I)

3 ~

3 G

6 —

1 —

10 6

4 5 — 6

1 —

— G

1 —

2 —

— 0

1 6

2 —

2 6

1 —

1 —

---6

— 26

— 3 *

— 26

----4

The alxDro Account comprehends all Fees received on Account of the ^u^tomci Inwards, and Clciks;

and is a true Copy of a Table oi Fees set up in my Office.

Vojl. 42%

.A

14th June 1786.

IVm Whitby, Cust',

Fifteenth, Report on Public Accounts.

V

24<S

a6® Jamarii.

A. 1787.

fifteenth Report 6n Public Accounts.

Port of BRISTOL An ACCOUNT of Fees collected in the Comptroller’s Office, Stamps, Ac*.

BILLS INWARDS.

For every Entry Inwards, on One Person’s Account, not free of the Merchant’s Hall -D* - free of D* -

BILLS OUTWARDS.

For every Subsidy Entry Outwards, on One Person’s Account, not free of the Merchant’s Hall I)* - free of D* -

Certificate Entry, not free of D° -

D° - free of D° -

Land Carriage Certificate, and Entries for Short Cloths and Hops - u

PRESENTMENTS INWARDS:

For every Foreign Ship’s Report ——

Ship belonging to Bristol -

D* belonging to any other Place -

ENTERING OUTWARDS:

For every Foreign Ship entering Outwards, and Ships to North America - -

Ship to the British Plantations ——

D° to Ireland ——

British Ship to any other Place - -

For entering in the Preferments ——

PRESENTMENTS OUTWARDS:

For every Foreign Ship British Ship Plantation Certificate Victualling Bill N.B. Alliens to pay Double Fees.

DEBENTURES:

For. every Subsidy Debenture -....

D# - for the Repayment of Duties at any other Port D* - being double -

Debenture for Silk -

D° - for Gunpowder -

D° - for Linen, Cotton, and Sail Cloth -

D° - for Salt -

REGISTERS, BONDS, -c*.

For every Register endorsed - -

Bond for Duties -

D* - filled up at this Office -Pill of Health, or Fishing Certificate -

Entry Inwards or Outwards, made at this Office -

D° - - being final 1 -

Second Clearance ——

Clearing for Extra Service -

Second Clearing for D* -

Damage or Over Entry Certificate filled up at this Office, above 2o'/ -

under D*

Ship carrying Part of her Cargo to another Port - -

Bond re-executed -

June 14th, 1786.

s. d.

— 2 I *

1 8

— 1 2

— 3 2

— - 2 2

3 —

— 11 8

— 4

5

i — 15

1 — 6

— 8 6

— 12

6

- 5

— 3 6

— 1 — .

1 6

_ 8

— 8 —

— -> 11 —

— 7 — .

— 5 6

— 5 —

1 ~ 1

- 1

— 9

— 10 6

1 ^6

_ 1

— 3 6

— 2 6

— 1 —

— 6

— 3

— 1

The above is a true Copy of a Table of Fees hung up in the Comptroller’s Office.

C. Harford, D. Compr.

Upon the fullest Consideration of the above Table, I declare it to contain all the Fees taken in the Compf'oiler’s Office, to the best of my KnowV?dge and Belief.

C. Harford, P. Comp'.

Comptroller’s Office, Port 01 Bristol, aift Sept' 1786,

Port

I \

| — Ov S <£=> — -

1 1 1 \

— C_7> C_7-» —

1 I -=r. I

— — Cx> C-r«

cr . I I

.11-1

I OO I - —

_. I 1 / / —

I I I I I

U> CJ — " —

I ~ «=~

/ / — »o

t-

to

Port of B R I S0 L.

TABLE of Fees payable in the Searcher's Office, as settled by the House of Commons.

In consequence of an Agreement between Sir Knight, Mem' of Pari*, on the Part of the Merch" of Bristol, and Sackville Graves, Searcher of Bristol, bearing Date the

26th March 1670, and confirmed by a Vote of the House of Commons, of the nth of April following.

Sept' 21ft, 1780. Tho'Craufurd.

For every Ship that passeth into Foreign Parts, as followeth: -

Merchants, English and Strangers -For Merchants that pass by Certificate

Spain, Portugal West Indies, Guiny, or the Western Islands, for each Ship -

East India Ships ——

All other Ships of England, bound to Foreign Parts -

For every Stranger's Ship or Bottom -

[Corn, the Cocquet Outwards-bound ——

(Wool, Leather, Hides, the Cocquet -

fBell Metal, Tallow, Wax, Wine, and all other prohibited Commodities -

-j Levant Company, East India Company, fife", or Grocery and fine Wares, the Cocquet -[Divers other Merchandizes, the Cocquet ——

Pipe, But, Puncheon, Hogshead, and Bag ——

Tin, Block and Barrel ——

Lignum Vitas, Campeacha, and all other Wood, Cordage, Wine, Brimstone, Woad, Rosin, Allom, and Oil, the Ton

More Duties of the Searcher to be Daid Saffron» Beer, Beer-eager, Lime, and Sea Coal, the Cocquet.

by Merchants English and Strangers J Lead (cast and uncaft) the Fodder, Iron the Ion, Pitch, Tar, Soap, Allies, and Salt Fiffi, the Last -

° - ! gC :,) Wainscoat, Clapboards, Pipe Staves, and Deal Boards, the Cocquet.

Maund, Butt, and Fatt.....-

Wax, the Row!, fine Wares, the Ballot and Chest -

Red Lead, the Ton ——

y^Raisins and Figs, the Twenty Frails and Barrels -

Merchants Adventurers, French and EastyYhe Fardcll of Eighteen, the Truss of Nine, and all other Packs ——

Country, Outwards-bound - - *[ Ballot and same - - - - , - - - - .

/The Fardell of Eighteen, the Truss of Nine, and all other Packs ——

[Ballot and Cafe

Interlopers and Merchants

Strangers, Outwards-bound

For every Passenger that goeth beyond the Seas, not being Factor, Merchant, or Mariner

s. d. 3 — 5 —

2 —

3 4 3 4 2 — l 8

— 6 —

X

— 2 — 6 --- i

1 —

— 4

— 2

— 3

— U

— if

— 1

— 6

— 2

— 3

o

o

o

G

TABLE. of FEES in the Searcher’s Office, exclusive of the Patent:

For extra Services, according as is understood by the 6th and 7th Willm and Maty:

Ships at unlawful Keys, the Floating Dock excepted, per Ton ——

At the Floating Dock, being more than double Distance, D* ——

Working Holydays, at the Rate per Day ——

H Examining different Sorts of Goods, by their Desire, at the Shippers Houses, each Attendance, as aWb for Goods shipped per Sufferance from the prin-jr cipal Officers, being for the Safety of the Ship, before she is entered out, for each Sufferance, likewise for 2d Clearances when the Quantity of Goods is considerable ——

Deputies.

£. s. d. --- if

— 5 3

— 2 6

Clerks.

>g

n = t :r

§ I; - S

?n ?

27 Geo. III.

Ss-fJ-

Hi!

F s- Si-

Table of Fees in the Searcher's Office Bristol, — continued*

Sufferances, as above, on Coal, Salt, and Vitriol, from Bottom to Bottom - -

D° - - as above, for Bark, Freeftone, and Hottvell Water, Bricks and Tiles ....

D’ - - as above, for Goods not entitled to Bounty or Debenture

Gauging Wine, per Pipe or Hhd....

I)' - per Quarter Calk Certifying Debentures to be paid at other Ports

- - - D° - - - on English Goods, and on all Foreign, paid in the Port, Tobacco excepted - " " --- - - __

- - - D* - - - on Bounties on Corn and refined Sugar ....

- - - D° - - - on all other Bounties, Silk excepted -

- - - D* - - - on Silk.....- - - ‘....

Tobacco, from l Hhd. to 4, 1 s. — from to 16, 2 s. — from 16 to 48, 35. 6d. — 50 D\ 4$. — and 100, 10$. Examining Baggage, according to the Quantity, from is. to 5 D°.

Certificate of Goods short shipped, re-landed, or returned ——

As no Ship ever does load without some extra Attendance and extra Trouble to the Officers, which is no where else charged, it has been customary to give a Gratuity at clearing out, according to the Size, Time of Loading, and Value of the Cargo, from Two Shilling and Six Pence to One Pound One Shilling.

'Clerks, copying Reports Outwards to Africa, America, or to the West Indies, per Side -

All other Vessels, if One Side, 1 s.if more, 9 d.per Side, being seldom more than One Side ——

Clearing Ships to the East and West Indies, Africa and America.....-

All other V effete ——

June 14th 1786. The above are. true Copies of the Tables of Fees bung up in my Office.

Deputies.

£. s. d.

— 26

— 1 3

— — 6 6

-- 2 6

-- l6

-- 2 6.

-----6-

Clerk*

«£. s, d.

00

----6

----9

— 26

Thee Craufurd, Pat* Searcher.

k*

OV

o

O

cq‘

r-+

n’

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

rT

A Table of Fees lent in August 1785 contains, to the heft of my Knowledge and Belief, every Fee received in my Office. Most of the Patent ones come under One Head or other in the within Table; where they differ, it seems to be in consequence ot a Variation in the Modes of packing, and a Change of Names; and, from the best Information I have been able to procure, must have taken Place from an Opinion of Sir Edward Nor I hey, dated 19th of May T720, in consequence of some Hesitation about Payment of Fees for Goods, where the Packages were altered, or where they were flowed loose, a Trade, as to Glass Bottles, &V. taken up about that Time. The Answer to the Query is as follows: I am of Opinion that, no Rate being settled, the " Officer may take such Fee as was anciently received; and if Fees would be due if packed, the Officer may take such Fee for the like Quantity unpacked " as he might take if they were packed." 1 am the more inclined to think this was the Cale, as I cannot find there ever has been any Alteration or Complaint, by viva Voce Evidence of above Thirty Years. The Deputies and Clerks are from their own Declaration, and, I believe, are all the Fees received.

Bristol, Sept' 21st 1786.

That Craufurd.-

GO

t

Y

N* 47*

LIVERPOOL.

A TABLE of Fees and Allowances due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of , and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging;

agreed between the Merchants and the said Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, and confirmed by Vote and Order of the House of Commons, dated April nth, 1670.

o

M

O

CUSTOMER’S FEES. COMPTROLLER'S FEES. SEARCHER'S FEES.

For every Entry - 8 For every Entry - - - 6 For every Entry - 4

For every Port Bond - 4i For every Certificate from the Office - 6 For Return of every Port Certificate — 1 —

For every other Bond - — - — 8 For every Certificate received into the Office - ii For every Foreign Cocket - — 6 —

For every Certificate from the Office -For every Certificate received into the Office -For the Invoice and Outvoice of every Ship -For the Entry of every Ship or Vessel - 8 — — 2{ 3 For the Invoice and Outvoice of every Ship or Vessel - - - For Entry of every Bark or Vessel For Entry of every Ship or Vessel to or from France, or other Foreign Parts 3 Si

For the Entry of every Ship or Bark to or from w France, or other Foreign Parts - — 1 4i

ExJ fy* JVM Goldsborough,

Cler. Dom. Com.

TV. Goldsborough,

Cler. Dom. Com.

Edit/ Turner, Speaker

of the House of Commons.

U

Ov

o

55

H.

3

Custom H#, Liverpool, 12th June 1786.

A true Copy of the Table of Fees affixed up in the Long Room here.

E. Rigby, D. Comptroller.

Ar. Onslow, Collector.

4

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

250

N* 48.

HULL.

A TABLE of all ancient, just, and legal Fees, due, demanded, or taken in this Office! other than which no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, can legally be demanded or taken, from any Merchant or other Person, directly or indirectly, by any Officer, Clerk, or Servant, for any Service done, or to be done, in the Execution of his Duty, in this Office, on any Account whatsoever, except his Salary, or what is or shall be allowed him from the Crown, or a moderate Recompence from the Merchant, or other Persons concerned, for extraordinary Service, at Times and Places not required by Law, such Recpmpence to be determined or ascertained in such Manner as by the 6 and 7 fV. Ill.Cap. 7, is directed.

An Order of the Comons in Parlyment assembled, establishing and confirming Fees and Allowances to the Officers of His Majesties Customes and Subsidies.

Whereas in and by an Act of this present Parlyment, intituled, An Act for confirming of Publique Acts, an Act therein, intituled, Subsidy granted to His Majesty, of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sumes of Money, payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, and confirmed j by which Act, so confirmed, it is amongst other Things enacted and ordained, That during the Continuance of this Grant, where the Goods exported or imported amount to the Value of Five Pounds, or more, the Customers and Collectors, and all other His Majesty’s Officers in the several Ports, shall take and receive such Fees, and none other, as were taken in the Fowerth Yeare of late King James, until such Time as the said Fees should be otherwise settled by Authority of Parlyment.

And whereas also, among the Rules, Orders, and Directions, annexed to the Booke of Rates, ratified and confirmed by the aforesaid Act, it is ordered and directed, that, for the avoiding of all Oppressions by any of the Officers of the Customes in any Port of this Kingdom, in exacting unreasonable Fees from the Merchants, by Reason of any Entry or otherwise, touching the Shipping or Unshipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, it is ordered, That no Officer, Clerk, or other, belonging to any Custom House whatsoever, shall ask, require, or receive any other or greater Fee of any Merchant or other whatsoever,

\ 1787.

then such as are or shall be established by the Comons assembled in Parlyment: And if any Officer or other shall offend, contrary to this Order, he shall forfeit his Office and Place, and be for ever after incapable of any Office in the Custom House.

In Prosecution of which said severall Clauses in the Act and Book of Rates before mentd, and for Settlement and Certainty of all the aforesaid Fees, in Satisfaction as w ell of the Merchant and others, as of the Officers, what Fees are to be paid or received for any Matter or Thing whatsoever, for or concerning the Importation or Exportation, shipping, landing, or entering of any Shipps Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, of what Nature or in what Kind soever; it is ordered and declared by the Comons assembled in Parlyment, That the severall and respective Fees and Allowances mentioned in a Schedule or Table of Fees relating to the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and the Members and Creekes thereunto belonging, and none other, shall be paid to the Officers and others imployed and to be imployed in and about his Majesties Customs in the Port aforesaid, and are by the Authority aforesaid settled and confirmed.

And bee itt further ordered and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowances hereby intended to be sett down, menconed, and expressed in a Schedule or Table of Fees and Allowances to be paid to the Officers of His Majesties Customs and Subsidies in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and the Members and Creekes thereunto belonging, and subscribed with the Hand of S' Edu ard Turner, Kn', now Speaker of the House of Comons, in Parliament assembled, and every particular Clause therein menconed and conteyned, shall be and remain as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were included and particularly expressed within the Body of this Order.

And in case any Merchant, Master of Colliers, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall refuse to pay all or any the Fees hereby ordered or intended, That in such Case it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers to make Stay of every Bill of Entry, Cocquet, or other Warrant that shall be tendred or given in for passing of any Shipps Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, exceeding the Value of Five Pounds in the Booke of Rates, for which the Fees shall be claymed, and denyed to be payed as aforesaid.

And be it further ordered and ordeyned, That Copies or Transcripts of this Order and Table of Fees shall be made and sett up in Publick View in the Custom House of Kingston upon Hull, and in all other Offices and Places where the said, or any of them, are to be payed or received.

26° Januarii.

Port

ih

Comoro or other 'rfcit his e of any

sin th? Settle-

in $a-; as of ived for ling the r enterics, of 'ed and I, That 's men-to the :rs and mil be to be in the settled

>y the by in-sed in to be is and id the sub-

DOW

it as-

coned

0 all laded

this

rs, or se to tided,

any En-idred 5 or e of the

1 as

ipies I be ouse and ved

4

27 Geo. III.

0,6° Januarii.

251

Port of KINGSTON UPON HULL. ra„„lh

Report

FEES and Allowances to be payd to the Officers of His Majesties Customs and Subsidies in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and the Members and Creekes thereunto belonging.

Accounts.

Upon the Business certen.

For every Entry Outwards, for the Coq"uet -For every Transire the like Fees -

Jf in an Alien’ Ship -

For every Entry for the whole Shipps Loading, then double Fees For every Entry Inwards - -

Jf in an Alien ——

Jf but one Entry for the whole Shipps Loading, then double Fees For every Aliens Shipp coming loaden for her Imployment For every Shipp clearing for beyond Sea -For every Alien Shipp for the like - -

Upon the Coaste Businesse.

For every Cocquet granted -

Jf any prohibited Goods in the Shipp, double Fees -

For the Bond taken for Delivery -

For every Certificate brought for the Discharge of that Bond For every Transire -

For every Certificate granted -

To the Clerke.

For every Shipp at her clearing, beyond Sea

For every Shipps first Entry

For every Aliens Shipp, first Entry

To the King's Custom-XotheKino's Searchers and Comptrollers. 0

1, d. t.

P-H XI J IIIJ P-H I J P-H

5. d. t.

P-H iij iiij P-H IJ P — 4

P-H vj y 1 ij 1 — 4 iiij P-H

P-H P-H > — < 1 — 4 P-H P-H

1 — 4 P-H vj - P — 4 ij

P — 4 P-H *U 1-4 1 — 4 i>U

►-4 P-H 1 — 4 1-4 P-H P-H

P — 1 P-H iij P-H xiij iiij

P — 1 l-H 1-4 vj vnj

P-H 1 — I 1 — 4 P-H Xllj iiij

P-H IIJ P — 4 P-H j P-H

t — I l-H P-H

P-H J 1 — 1

>-H P — t vj P-H P-4 vj

HH u ij P-H J P-H

P-H ij vj P-H P-H vj

P-H j P — 4

H W I 11 J

P-H IXJ IIIJ

Signed, by virtue of an Order of the House of Comons, dated xvij of May 1662.

JVUl.iGoldesbrough,

C!Ipi\ Pnni

This is a true Copy of the Original Order, signed by Sir Edward Turner,

Examined by Robert Mason.

By Commissioners Order, 10th Aug' 1716. The? Reader, Comp'. Hugh Mason.

I do hereby certify, That this is a true Copy of the Original the Honourable Commissioners of the Customs.

Table of Fees, produced to me by Order of

Hen. Rooke,

Clerk of the Rolls, 2d July, 1766.

The Table of Fees heretofore hung up in the Custom House at Hull, having been by Length of Time defaced in some Degree, a Copy has been, as near as may be, recovered therefrom; but it being still defective in the following Particulars, it is judged necessary to add the under-mentioned explanatory Note.

N.B. The Words "equally amongst them," should, according to an authentic Entry of the Table of Fees for the Port of Hull, in the Secretary’s Office in the Custom House, London, follow the Words " To " the King’s Customer and Comptroller," in the First Column; and likewise, according to the said Entiy, against these Words, " For every Alien’s Shipp coming loaden for Imployment, the Sum of " £. o. 13s. 4d."should stand in the First Column, instead of 3d.

Custom House, Hull, May 13, 1786.

We do certify, That the above Copy is truly made out from the Table of Fees hanging up in the Long Room.

R. A. Harrison, Coll'. tV. Smith,

Vol. AS.

N-49.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

252

260 Januarii. . 1787.

N*49-

An ORDER of the Coraons assembled in Parliament, establishing and confirming Fees and Allowances to the Officers of his Majesties Cus-tomes and Subsidies.

Whereas, And by an Act of this p'sent Parliament, entituled An Act for confirming of other Acts, An Act theirin entituled A Subsidy granted the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sumes of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported, was confirmed; by wcfc Act soe confirmed it is (amongst other Things) enacted and ordained, that during the Continuance of that Grant, where the Goods exported or imported amounteth unto the Value of Five Pounds or more, the Customers and Collectors, and all other of all his Majesties Officers, within the said several Ports, shall take and receive such Fees, and none other, as where taken in y* Fourth Year of the late King , untill such Time as the said Fees should be otherwayes setled.

And whereas also, Amongst the Rules, Orders, and Directions anexed to the Book of Rates, ratified and confirmed by the aforesaid Act, It is ordered and directed, that for avoiding of all Oppression by any of the Officers of the Customes in any Port of this Kingdome, in exacting unreasonable Fees from the Merchants, by reason of any Entryes or Wayes touching the shipping and unshipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, It is ordered. That no Officer, Clerke, or other, belonging to any Customhouse whatsoever, shall exact or require, or receive any other or greater Fee, of any Merchant or other whatsoever, then such as are or shall be established by y* Comons in Parliament; and if any Officer or other shall offend contrary to this Orders, he shall forfeit his Office and Place, and be for ever incapable of any Office in the Customhouse.

In Prosecution of which said severall Clauses in the Act and Booke of Rates beforementioned, and for the

Settlement and Certainty of all the aforesaid Fees, concerning the Exportation and Importation, Shipping, Landing, or Entering of any Ships, Goods or Merchandizes, of what Nature and in what Kind soever, It is ordered and declared by the Comons in Parliament assembled, that the severall and respective Fees and Allowances mentioned in a Sedule or Table of Fees relating to the Port of Yarmout, and Members and Creekes thereunto belonging, and none other, shall be paid to the Officers and others imployed in and about his Majesties Customes in the Port aforesaid settled and confirmed.

And be it further ordered, and declared by Authority aforesaid, that the Fees and Allowances hereby intended and sett down, mentioned and expressed in a Sedule or Table of Fees, entituled, Fee’s and Allowances due and payable to the Officers of his Majesties Customes and Subsidies in the Port of Yarmouth, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging, and subscribed with y* Hand of S' , Kn',

now Speaker of the House of Comons in Parliament assembled, and every perticular Clause therein mentioned and contained, shall be and remain as effectuall to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly expressed and included within the Body of the said Order.

And in case any Merchant, Master of a Ship, or other Person or Persons w'soever, shall refuse to pay all or any of the Fees hereby ordered and intended, that in such Case it shall and may be lawfull for all and every Officer and Officers to make Stay of every Bill of Entry, Cocquett, or other Warr" that shall be finished'or given in for passing of any Ships, Goods, or Merchandize whatsoever, exceeding the Value of Five Pounds in the Book of Rates; for which the Fees shall be detained and denied to be paid as aforesaid.

And be it further ordered and ordained, That Coppies or Transcripts of this < >n.er and Table of Fees shall be made and sett up in publique View, in the Customhouse in Yarmouth, and in all other Offices and

Places whear the said Fees, or any of them, are to be paid or received.

Fees and Allowances due and payable to his Majesties Officers of the Customes, and Subsidies, in the Port of Great Yarmouth, and the Members and Creekes thereunto belonging.

YARMOUTH.

For every Entry and Cocquett for all the Goods Oversea, and making the Bills and Warrants ——

For evfery Entry Inwards from beyond Seas, and making the Bills and Warrants

For every Indorcem' on Goods passing Licence -

For every Report of ev*y Master, Owner, or Burser -

For the Entry of ev'y Ship Oversea, or from Port to Port - -

For ev'y Cocquett and Transiry, for Goods laden from Port to Port

For ev*y Certificate for Goods discharged from Port to Port

For all Bonds of Imployment, or returning of Discharges -

For ev'y Entry of ev'y Transiry for Goods laden from Port to Port -

For all returned Discharges, or filed Imploym" -

For viewing each Cocquett of each Ship or Vessell, of ev'y Port or Place, being in the Road or Haven For ev'y Passinger to or from beyond the Seas

For dV'y Person bringing Goods, excepting Coales, from Port to Port, and landing them (*) -----....

Custr. Coropr. Searcher.

s. s. d. s. d. s. d.

5 2 2 — t 4 1 10

3 2 — 8 — 8 1 10

— 8 — 4

— 4 — 2 — 2

— 4 — 2 2

2 4 1 4 — 8 — 4

2 4 t 4 _ 8 — 4

l — 1 —

— 10 — 6 — 4

— 4 — 4

— 4 - — 4

— 4 - - — 4

— I m — - — 1

For every Ship that brings on Salt, One Mett to the Searcher, in lieu of his Fee of Two and Twenty Pence upon the said Salt above mentioned. Jr? Sharpe.

Aliens to pay Double Fees.

Edw* Turner.

WOO D BRIDGE.

26° Januarii.

25 3

>787-

F«s, con. Shipping Merchao.

It is

>aclianeiit Fees and; of Fees 'bers and, ) shall [ig «id (hut Hied and

y Audio.

hereby ssed in a I Allow. Majesties

, and % and <r, Kn',

rliiment tn men-fa.,all

'e parti-y 01 the

hip, or

fa pi?

I'emleil, for &

' evi-ry tall be jOodf,

due of :/) ttt

alone*

OfTO

sail De iloin-i anJ to I*

27 Geo. III.

Wood bridge, 1

Aleborousrh, FEES and ALLOWANCES due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s

South wold, Customs and Subsidies, in everie of the Out Ports, Members of the Port of Yarmouth.

Blackney and Cley

Custr. Compr. Searchr.

s. d. s. d. s. d.

For an Oversea Cocquet, and the Bills, Writeing, and Reports - 9 6 4 8 1 6 3 4

For an Inward Entry, and Bills ----- 7 6 3 2 1 — 3 4

For a Cocquet from Port to Port, and Bonds - - - - ’ - 4 10 3 4 1 2 — 4

For a Certificate - -- -- - - 2 4 1 4 — 8 — 4

For a Trausiry Outwards - -- -- -For hieing a Certificate - -- -- - 3 4 — 4 2 T — — 4 1 — — 4

For a Trausiry Inwards - -- -- - J — — 4 — 4 — 4

For gocing Aboard, and viewing a Cocquett ----- — 4 ' ‘ — 4

Signed by vertue of an Order from the House of Comons, dated the 17 Day of May 1662.

!ViUm

Clerc. Dom. Com.

ty Those marked (*) have been taken or compounded for by the Searcher, or his Deputy, below Stairs; the others (except the Coal Warrants, which were subsequent thereto) so far as they have been understood, were supposed to be comprehended in the annexed Table, by which they have been taken above Stairs, and divided in the Manner therein expressed, as far back as we can trace by the Office Books.

Copy attested,

Geo. Thompson, Compr.

A TABLE for dividing the Patent Officers Fees.

1

hr.

0 ‘

0

Reports Inw11* and Outw'1* Entrys Outwards (k) - -Entrys Inwards (c) C’ockets and Bonds Discharges -Transires Inwards D* - - Outwards Coal Warrants

Total. Customer. Comptroller. Searcher.

5 2 — 2 — — 1 4 — 1 10

3 2 8 8 — 1 10

3 8 — 26 JO — — 4

2 8 — 10 — 16 6 10 4 4

2 8 H — 1 6 4

The Fee marked (b) has never been taken for British Corn or Fish exported, nor for other Goods, where the Value in the Book of Rates is under Five Pounds.

(c) Charged only where the Value in the Book of Rates have been Five Pounds or upwards, but not charged on returned Goods.

77/o* Dade, Collector.

Geo. Thompson, Comptroller.

Vo l. 4S.

3*^ N*$o,

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

254 <26° Januarii. . 1787.

N° 50.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas; taken

upon Oath, June 9th, and July 21st, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That he is a Ship Broker, and Owner of Ships, and as such he has for many Years transacted Business for Merchants, and on his own Account, at the Custom House in London.

The Payment to the Officer of the Customs by Fee, for Business done at Times and Places warranted by Law, is in some Cases fixed as to the Sum, in others not. Within his Memory the Fee for the same Business has in various Instances increased. It is hardly practicable to apportion the Fee to the Value of the Article on which it is taken, the Fee being by the Package er Tale of Goods, and the Goods themselves frequently very different in Value. In some Instances, the Fee is paid in One Sum, in others to the different Officers who are to have a Share of it.

Where the Fee is a certain and reasonable Sum, and Notice of it publicly affixed, he does not apprehend that Species of Payment to be very inconvenient to the Merchant.

The Compensation to the Officer for Business done at Times or Places not required by Law, where there is not some customary Agreement between the Merchant and the Officer, fixing the Sum, is a Source of great Inconvenience.

The Hours of Business at the Long Room, as settled at present by Law, that is from Nine to Twelve, do not appear sufficient. He apprehends that Four Hours would suffice, and that the Attendance of the Officers from Ten to Two in the Long Room would be the Arrangement the most convenient for Trade.

The Number of Holidays now observed in the Customs is injurious to Commerce. In the Long Room, where the Ship is reported, the Entry of the Goods Inwards and Outwards made, the Duties paid, and all Ships cleared Outwards, no Business whatever can be transacted on a Holiday.

The Business at the Water Side and on Ship Board may be carried on upon Holidays, previous Permission being had from the Commissioners of the Customs, and a Recompence made to the Officers appointed, for their Attendance. These Permissions are mostly granted upon perishable Articles, or in particular Cases.

In Time of Peace the Trade from many Parts of the World, owing to various Circumstances, affecting the Commerce, commences and continues to arrive at certain Periods of the Year. In Time of War the greatest Part of the Commerce of the Country is carried on by Fleets. In both Cases the frequent Intervention of Holidays is particularly detrimental.

The greatest and most regular Arrival of the Trade, and the chief Part of the Export Business, is from the Month of June to the Month of February, both inclusive.

Tho, Hubbert.

Sard Beackcroft,

Geo. Drummond, lViUmRoe.

N* 51.

The Examination of Mr. Walter;

taken upon Oath, October 5th and 9th, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That he is in Partnership with Mr. Kennett Dixon, and that they are Agents for Merchants.

It is common for the Merchants to employ Agents in

transacting the Business they have to do at the Custom House. His House has been in that Line of Business for upwards of Thirty Years; they carry on the Transactions at the Custom House for Merchants in general, and in every Line.

The Fee to the Officer for the Inward Business, at Times and Places warranted by Law, he has found in most Instances to be a fixed Sum.

The Fee in the Outward Business, particularly in the Searcher’s Office, is very uncertain; upon some Articles it has increased much within his Knowledge. There being no Table or Rule to appeal to for the Sum to be paid the Officer, frequent Disputes between tho Merchant and the Officer thence arise, and the shipping the Goods is thereby delayed, and the Fee taken by different Officers of the same Description, for the same Business, varies.

He does not apprehend that the forwarding of Debentures, either for Bounty or Drawback, or any other of the regular Course of Business, is impeded by the Non-payment of Fee; but he appreliends that greater Dispatch than could be had in the common Course, is often obtained by that Mode of Reward.

The Recompence to the Officer, by the Merchant, for Business done at Times and Places not required by Law, is in some Instances fixed, in others not. Where the Sum to be paid for this Service is uncertain (as it frequently is) great Inconvenience may arise; the Merchant must either pay the Sum demanded, or submit to let his Goods remain unshipped, or not landed, until he has made Application to the Board of Customs, and their Decision is known; which creates much Trouble, great Loss of Time, and is often attended with other considerable Loss. Disputes on this Head very frequently arise.

The Hours of Attendance in Practice by the Long Room Officers, are from Ten to One in the Inward Department, and from Ten to Two in the Outward. If both these Sets of Officers attended from Ten to Two, it would be very convenient for Trade, and he apprehends sufficient.

The Holidays observed in the Customs are very prejudicial to Commerce. In the Long Room no Business whatever can be transacted on a Holiday. The Report of the Ship, the Entry, the Payment of the Duty, the Entry of the Ship Outwards, the Entry of the Goods for Export, the Clearance of the Ship, and most of the essential Formalities to the making out or passing Debentures for Drawbacks and Bounties, in order to complete them for Payment, are carried on in the Long Room. Interruption or Delay, in the Course of any of the Particulars above enumerated, are attended with much Detriment to the Merchant.

Every Day a Book, containing the Names of all Ships reported that Day, goes in to the Board; this Book is sent in at One o’Clock. No Ship after she has reported, can have her Cargo unladen until the Board have appointed the Landing Waiters to that Ship.

All the Officers at the Waterside whatever, except the Searchers and the Officers under them, will work upon a Holiday, previous Permission of the Board being had, and Compensation to them being made. The Searchers and the Officers under them will not. Thence, as far as regards the Waterside Officers, the Inward Business can go on upon a Holiday; the Outward cannot.

In Ships, whether arriving or Outward bound, the Cargo itself, and the Object of the Voyage, may be very materially affected by the Delay arising from Holidays: When they happen together, or at those Periods of the Year when, from the Nature of the Commerce, or from other Circumstances, the Ships arrive in Fleets, or mostly about the same Time, these inconveniencies are much increased. „

= The

*7-

istorn

'iness

Vans-

lerdl,

;s, at iJ in

y in some

Sain

the

I by arne

De-

ther

the

iter

i is

int,

by

ere

it

er*

to

itil

nd

ie»

ler

e*

S

;d

d.

to

ie

1

0

h

ii

1

27 Geo. III.

2<S° Januarii.

255

The greatest1 Proportion of the Inward and Outward Trade does, as he apprehends, ordinarily occur from the Month of June to the Month of January.

The Delay in loading or unloading Ships, occasioned by Holidays, must afford greater Time and Opportunity for Practices injurious to the Revenue of the Customs.

Wm Walter

A. Piggott,

Sam! Beachcroft,.

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N«52.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas Coles; taken upon Oath, October 12th and 14th 1786.

This Examinant saith, That he is in Partnership with Mr. George Godtvin, and their House is employed by Merchants in general, and in the different Lines of Commerce, as Brokers; and as such, they conduct the Business which the Merchant has to transact at the Custom House. They have been extensively engaged in that Line of Business for Twenty Years, and are conversant with the various Branches of the Custom House Business.

The Fee, that is, the Sum paid by the Merchant to upon the Long Room, is on Holidays wholly stopped; the Officer for Business transacted at Times and Places from thence great Delay and much Loss to the Mer-required by Law, is, according to his Observation, in chant does frequently arise. These Evils are greatly some Cases a settled customary Sum, in others not so. increased when Holidays happen to fall together, or He is so conversant in the Business, that it would not at those Periods of the Year when the Bulk of the

He has very frequently known, that Orders, to Fifteenth small Amount, have been left unexecuted, on Ac- Report count of the Heaviness of the Fees which must have on *'U,^1C been paid upon them; and these Orders, he has great Account"-Reason to believe, have thereby been diverted to other Countries.

The Recompence to the Officers, for Business done at Times and Places not required by Law, he has in general found to be reduced to a fixed Sum.

Four Hours would, he apprehends, be very sufficient for the Business done in the Long Room: He thinks the most expedient Hours would be from Nine to One, in order to give the more Time for the Dispatch of the Export Business, and to prevent the Confusion arising from late Shipping. Much Inconvenience arises at present from the iate Attendance of the Long Room Officers, who are not all of them regularly in their respective Seats, so that the Business may be carried on, till near Fleven o’Clock; and also from this Circumstance, that the Searchers absent themselves from their Offices (as he is informed, for Dinner) from One till Half after Three, during which Time all the Export Business is at a Stand.

The Number of Holidays observed in the Office of the Customs interferes much with the general Dispatch of Business, and is very injurious to Commerce.

The Inward and Outward Business, as far as depends

be practicable, in any Case, to make him pay more than the usual Fee, though Attempts of that Rind have been made; but Strangers, or Persons, less acquainted therewith, are liable to Imposition, and he has known many Instances thereof. No Table, except of the Fees taken by the Patent Officers, is hung up in the Long Room; nor does he know of any other Tables of Fees being hung up in the different Offices. There are certain Parts of the Custom Business which are left much to the Discretion of the

Trade is arriving or exporting.

With many Parts of the Transactions of the Customs the Excise is connected, and the Presence of the Excise Officers necessary; the Holidays observsd in the Excise Office occur more frequently than those in the Customs; and thence the Custom Business is, in those Cases, much interrupted.

The Occurrence of Holidays in the Customs may be attended with material Detriment to the Revenue^ by extending the Time limited by Law for reporting Officer, and where the Uncertainty and Difference of of Ships after their passing Gravesend. This Extension

the Fee paid may be attended with Consequences injurious to the Revenue.

The Fee is not a Species of Payment which can bear any Proportion to the Value of the Article on which it is paid; the same Fee being paid upon the Entry, whether great or small, or by Tale or Package, whatever may be the Value of the Contents.

of Time gives greater Opportunity for landing Goods previous to the Report, which ought to be reported, and on which Duties ought to be paid.

Thomas Coles.

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

WilP Roe.

Vol. 42-

N*

53-

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

a6° Januarii. A. 1787.

N* 53-

An ACCOUNT of the Names of the Patent Customers, and Patent Comptrollers, at the several Out Ports, who made Returns to the Surveyor of the Out Ports, in the Year 1784; and of those Out Ports from whence no such Returns were made, either by the Patent or Deputy Customer.

PORTS.

Gloucester

Lynn

Berwick

Boston -

Bridgwater Gloucester Ipswich -Yarmouth

'-I

- John Pitt -

- Robert Hales -

- John Constable

The Book for Xmas. Quarter signed by a Deputy

- Herbert Ingram -

The Books for Lady Day and Midsummer Quarters are signed by Deputies - - 1

- Th& Phelps -

- Samuel Woodcock

- William Clark -

- George Thompson

Patent Customers, who made Returns.

Patent Comptrollers who made Returns.

The Surveyor of the Out Ports receives Returns Quarterly, either from the Patent or Deputy Controllers of all the Out Ports, except Poulton, at which Port the Office of Deputy Controller is vacant.

.Berwick

Bridgwater

Minehead

Cardiff!

Swanzey

Chepstow

1

Whitehaven

a Member of Bridgwater Members of Cardiffe

Carlisle

Hull

Ipswich

Milford

Bridlington

Scarbro’

Malden Colchester Harwich

Aberystwith Cardigan Lanelly

Newcastle

Whitby Stockton Sunderland

Scilly

Sandwich

Deale Faversham Rochester

Southampton

Cowes

Portsmouth

Aldbro’

Blackney and Clay South wold Woodbridge

Weymouth

a Member of Carlisle Members of Hull

Member of Ipsw ich

Members of Milford

Members of Newcastle a Member of Plymouth

Members of Sandwich

Members of Southampton Members of Yarmouth a Member of Poole

Ports from whence no Returns were made, either by the Patent or Deputy Customer.

Edwi Dew, DT Surveyor of the Out Ports.

N4 54-

vwal Out

Jut Pons

a7 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

N* 54*

257

Fif'-enfh Report' on Public Accounts.

A LIST of the Deputy Customers at the several Out Ports, who made Returns to the Surveyor of the Out Ports, in the Year 1784; distinguishing those who are Collectors.

ntrolta

eife

Deputy Customers who do not appear to be Collectors:

Bristol (Inwards) ----- - C Harford.

(Outwards) - - - - . - - - P Coiling.

Chester - -- -- - Chai Hawker.

Arvndell, a Member of Chichester....

Exeter ------- J- Smith.

Dartmouth, a Member of Exeter ——

Plymouth -

Boston

Members of { Chester. 1

'Lancaster

Preston

Poulton

Liverpool

Beaumaris

Chichester

Members

of

Chichester.

' Shoneham Newhaven Rye

Members of Exeter.

Ilfracombe

Barnstaple

Bideford

Members f Wells of Linn. { Wisbeach

Members

of

Plymouth.

' Padstow St. Ives Penzance Gweek ( Penryn Truro -Fowey -Looe -. Falmouth

Deputy Customers who are Collectors:

Dover, a Member of Sandwich Yarmouth - - - *

Poole -

Lyme, a Member of Poole

- W". Brand.

- Robert

- Tho' Fenton.

- Jrf Bisbroune.

- IV. Hamer.

- W. Sparrow.

- Till Holder.

- J. Roberts.

- Jrf Buckley.

- Thos Lamb.

- P. Fosse.

- Jrf Tucker.

- T. Grant.

- Chef Boyles.

- G. Hewes.

Chat Phillips.

That Hadis.

Jrf Scobell.

IV". Johns.

Rob’ Crowgey.

Jrf Tippet.

Jrf Courts.

Jrf Witter.

Hj Bowden.

Jcf Gunman.

That Dade.

Jrf Lander4 Jrf Warren.

28th November 1785.

Edw* Dew,

Dr Surveyor of the Out Ports.

N* 55-

The Examination of Mr. Edward Dew; taken upon Oath, November 22d, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Surveyor of the Out Ports. It appears from the Books in his Office, that in the Year 1784 Two Patent Customers and Six Patent Controllers only at the Out Ports made Returns to this Office , the Returns for all the rest of the Ports were made by the Deputy Controllers, except Poulton, where there is no Deputy Controller. There are several Ports from whence no Returns were made, either by the Patent or Deputy Customer; and it appears from the Quarter Books seot up by the

Vol. 42.

Collectors, and delivered to the Examiners, and compared with the Quarter Books of the Controllers, by the Surveyor, that several of the Collectors are also Deputy Customers, some of which send up Duplicates of their Quarter Books to the Surveyor. The Quarter Books sent up to this Office, either by the Patent or Deputy Customers, are never examined; they are considered of no Consequence, tied up together, and deposited in the Office.

EdwJ Dew.

T. Anguish,

RiclANeave,

Sand Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond, mil. Roe.

CLASS ist.

O

*s

c

«5T

N* 56.

An ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees', and Gratuities received, and of the Taxes paid by Officers, in the following Classes.

k*

00

EMP L O YMENTS. PORTS and CREEKS. "Salaries and Allowances from the Crown. Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities. Payments for Taxes. totals

Salaries. Fees.

Patent Customer - — — _ - Berwick - } - - - 24 203 10 5 — 12 —

Patent Customer - - - - Boston - - - 3* 16 8 66 9 4 .4 41*

Deputy Customer - - - Wain fleet 884

D® - - - Saltfleet 9 9 —

D° - - - - Spalding 7 4 —

D® - - - Sutton 22 —

D® - - - Holbeach " . a* - 296

Patent Customer - - - Bridgwater - - - 28 140 7 10 8 17 —

Patent Customer, Outwards - - - Bristol - - . - - 57 — — 423 1 3 1646

D° - - Inwards - D® - - - 57 357 2 4 16 4 6

Deputy Customer, Outwards - - - D® - - - 392 15 7

D* - - Inwards - . D® - - 20 245 10 —

Deputy Customer, Outwards, 1st Clerk - D® - - . - ... 42 6 6

D® - - 2d Clerk - D® - - - m <42 6 6

Deputy Customer, Inwards, Clerk - - D® - 40 4 —

Patent Customer - - - Cardiffe - - - C* cn 00 504 14 10 —

Deputy Customer - t 23 9 10

D® - - - Newport - - - - 10 1117 1

D° - - - Aberthaw < - 1. 4 t Emoluments blended with those he‘received as Deputy Corttroller and Dy

D® - - - Chepstow 5 10 —

D® - - - Swansea , . f 1 - T <- 1 -< i - ' 22 10 — 2 — - —

D® - - - ! Neath - - - 20 8 —

Patent Customer - - - Carlisle - - m - , . 32 , 343 13 7 — 16 —

Deputy Customer - - - 1 D* - - - - - Emoluments blended with those he received as Collector.

D® - - - - Whitehaven - 20 2 —

D° - m - Workington - < 1 19 15 6

Patent Customer - - - - Chester - - - CO OO 1,593 7 2 13 15 10

Deputy Customer - - - - D* - - - 103 8 3

D* - - - - Parkgate - - , - 30 15 4 9f 8

D® - - - - Conway — - - - 20 — 5 14 4

D® - - - Carnarvon - 19 '3 3r

1 l 0 r — - - - Pullhelly 20 2 8$

D® - - - - Holyhead - - - 30

D® - - - Lancaster - 10 12 84

D® - - - - LTlverstone - - - - 30 73 2 31

D® - m - - Liverpool - - - 15 315 11 8

D®5 Clerks 620

Deputy Customer - - - - Poulton 3 2 —

i Patent Customer - - Chichester - - m - - - 61 122 15 10 18 1 —

of

Taxes.

Os

2:

00

g

CQ

N

CD

CL

cr

14

o

r1

to

to

Deputy Customer D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D* -Patent Customer -Deputy Customer D® -D® -Patent Customer -Deputy Customer - *

Patent Customer -D® -Deputy Customer D® - -

D* -D® -D® - -

D - -

Patent Customer -Deputy Customer D® -

D° -

D® -

Patent Customer -

D® -

Deputy Customer D® -

D® -

D® -

Patent Customer Inwards D* - - Outwards Deputy Customer Inwards D® - - Outwards Deputy Customer

D* - - Inwards D° - - Outwards Ditto Inwards and Outwards D® - - Inwards D® - - Outwards

Arundell New haven -Rye -Hastings East Bourn -Shoreiiam Brighton Exeter D® -Dartmouth -Ilfracombe -Gloucester -Berkley Hull -D® -D' -D® -Grimsby D® -Bridlington -Scarborough Ipswich Colchester -Leigh -Harwich Maldon Lynn -Milford D® -Tenby

Haverfordwest Aberystwith Newcastle -D" -D® -I)®

Blythnook -Stockton D®

Hartlepool -Sunderland -D® -

133 6 8

6 13 4

39----

39----

55 6 8

62 7 4

15 5 —

30-----

27-----

27-----

315 11

0 0 — —

:i jy y 1 O 1 M

49 11 6

44 14 10

»9 17 1

55 12 6*

11 4 8

55 4 7

33 9 4

34i 1 6 33 6 -

72 »4 3

53 13 7

3 7 9 2 — .

92 7 3 3 8 4

9 8 4

201 8 8* 18 19 6

201 8 8* 18 *9 6

129 17 ii

130 4 ni

20 O 15 6

26 n

98 8 8

122 7 10 6 J9 10

25 13 6 4 . — .

30 5 4*

45 6

62 15 9

386 10 1 15 — 2

399 17 3 4 10 —

21 J9 —

72 3 7

M 7 —

4 6 6

619 2 5 2.5 '3 6

619 2 5 25 >3 6

152 14 7

152 M 7

25 9 0

49 12 (1

49 12 6

10 16 2

146 4 6f

146 4 6*

111?

O 21 3

01

VO

27 Gpo. HI- 35° Januarii.

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

TJ

*8

ST

a

EMPLOYMENTS. PORTS and CREEKS. Salaries and Allowances from the Crown. Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities. Payments for Taxes. Totals of

r Salaries. Fees. \ Taxes.

CLASS isti Deputy Customer Whitby ... 112 16 8

continued. Patent Customer - - - Plymouth . - - 38 13 4 ' 544 1 8 28 5 8*

Deputy Customer - D* - - - - 71 11 81

D* - . - Falmouth _ - - - 14 17 2|

D* - - - - Penryn - - - - 8 5 —

D° - - - St. Ives - - - - 30

D* - - - - Truro - m mm m 14 8 —

Patent Customer - - Poole . m . 48 239 10 4 22 14 10

Deputy Customer - - - D* - m 110 — 1 x

D° - - - - Lyme . ... 27 11 1

D* - - - - Weymouth . m - ... - 156

Patent Customer - - - Sandwich e* 00 c* h 306 10 7 4 16 2

Deputy Customer - - - Deal . ... 13

Patent Customer - - - Southampton - - - o> 00 475 5 3* 20 6 if

Deputy Customer - - D- - - - - 56

D* - - - Lymington - - - 41 13 8

D# - - - - Cowes - - - ... 125 19 1

D° - - - Portsmouth - - - 10 137 7 1

Patent Customer - - Yarmouth - - - - 38 278 19 11 18 6 7 1,351 3 10 13,236 17 7 35i 5 8

CLASS 2nd. Patent Controller - - - Berwick - - 5 — — 122 11 — 2 6

Patent Searcher - - - D* - - - - 20 28 1 8

Patent Searcher - - - Bridgwater - - - gives up his whole Emoluments to his Deputies.

Patent Controller - - - Bristol - m - - - 3* ^3 4 313 17 8i 15 n 10

Patent Searcher - - - D° - - - - 54 — — 9*8 7 4 8 4 —

Patent Controller - - Cardiffe - - 10 332 4 — — 10 —

Patent Searcher - - d; - . - 10 162 11 5 1 6 —

Patent Controller - - Carlisle - m - - 10 — . — 211 9 11 — 5 —

Patent Searcher - - D* - - - 20 185 1 2 — 10 —

Patent Controller - - - Chester - - - 20 766 13 6 4114

Patent Searcher - - - D# - - - - 3 6 8 1,323 7 8 368

Patent Controller Chichester f 13 — 10 54 2 16 6

I m

Patent Searcher - - - D* - - - - 10 98 15 7 25 —

Patent Controller - - - Exeter - - - 00 to 0 M 104 14 10 5112

Patent Searcher - D° - - - 20 168 12 8 to 10 —

D* - - - Hull - - - 12 — — 328 10 6 20 1

Patent Controller - - - Ipswich - - m - 10 — _ — 63 4 9* 26 —

D* - - - Lynn - - - - 15 4 4 293 15 5 11 7 7i

Patent Searcher - - - D* - - - - 12 113 13 10 4 14 —

Patent Controller - - - Milford - - - - 10 132 12 1 JO —

Patent Searcher - - - D* - - - 10 — — HO 1

00

V V>?Xfvi

MUfoitl

*5

i j

| 293 1/5 5 1* 7 7 i I

| 1131310 1 4 14 i

I — I: ,c> — /

1

r*

Patent Controller Wl Newcastle m

Patent Searcher D° -

Patent Controller * m Plymouth -

D° - Poole -

Patent Searcher - - D* m

Patent Controller m m Sandwich m

Patent Searcher D* -

Patent Controller - Southampton -

D° - — Yarmouth f - *

Patent Searcher - — D* -

Patent King’s Waiter Bristol -

D° - - D*

D° - - - D°

D* - - D* «

20 — —

8

f 8--20-

10 16 10 8 [20 15 10

45

fio

140

8

140

25

25 25 25

6 8

tJ --

rio----

140----

I8--

l4o----

619 2 4

261 8 —

560 — 8 212 13 2

87 15 5 101 i£ 6

245 *4 7 223 7 —

96

7 »o

72 14 2

5 iof 5 lo* 5 io*

5 10*

30

30

30

30

25 10 —

8-----

27 a — § 9 17 *

1 n 5

— 7_!

726-

18 6u

15 16 8*

655 15 2

2,006 19 —

8,434 5 2 21,671 2 9

o

M

o

210 7 11*

561 13 7i

0\

O

a.

g

CD

H"

n’

CD

Q.

O"

o

o

00

Patent Controllers and Patent Searchers, who- acted themselves.

Patent Controller - Boston ..... 12 9 2 58 6 4* 273

Patent Searcher - ' D# 2 22 10 3 — 9 —

Patent Controller - Bridgwater - 25 29 16 3 5 4 3i

D° - - - - Gloucester - - - - 46 10 — . - 5 & *

Patent Searcher - D* 8 13 4 66 10 3 3

Patent Controller - - - Hull - - - - 16 13 4 352 8 8* 9 T 4

Patent Searcher - Ipswich ..... 8 67 10 6 1 16 —

D° - - - - Southampton - 10 325 1 10* 2

82 15 10. 968 14 2* 24 4i

25

r*

Oi

xl

K>

o\

Mr

362

Fifteenth Report <m Public Accounts.

26° Januarti. A. 1787,

N* 57-

After our hearty Commendations. Whereas by letters Patent bearing Date the 9th Day of May 1770, the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of Chestei', together with the Ports, Places, and Creeks thereunto belonging, was granted to John goyne, Esquire, (now Sir John ); and whereas the Office of Deputy Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Liverpool is lately become vacant by the Death of Richard Atkis, and that you have represented unto us that the said Sir John Burgoyne is out of the Kingdom: We, in consideration of the particular

Circumstances of the Case, and in order to prevent any Detriment which may arise to His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs by the Absence of the Patentee, think fit that some proper Person should be appointed to act as Deputy Comptroller of the Customs there; and Edmund Rigby being recommended unto us as a fit Person for this Purpose, these are therefore to authorise and require you to issue forth your Deputation to the said Edmund Rigby to be Deputy Comptroller of the Customs there accordingly, upon his giving Security to the Crown for the faithful Discharge of the said Office, in the like Sum, at least, as was given by the late Deputy Comptroller to the Patentee.; And for so doing this shall be your Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,. the 8th Day of January 1785.

To our very loving Friends W. Pitt.1 2 3 4

the Commissioners of His Graham.

Majesty’s Customs. Ed J. Eliot.

A true Copy.;

Custom House, London. IV. Stiles, Secretary.

t

N* 58. j

INSTRUCTIONS for Collector of

His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of !

1. You shall from Time to Time, so long as you

shall continue and be employed in the said Office, well and truly collect and receive all and every; Sum and Sums of Money arising and growing due and payable to our Sovereign Lord the King, within the said Port of and the Members and Creeks

thereunto belonging, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares, Wines, or other Merchandizes, imported into, or exported out of, the same.

2. You shall, during the Time aforesaid, make up

for the Comptroller -General of the Accounts of the Customs for the Time being, a true and just Account of all such Duties, Dues, and Monies, so by you, the said to be received at the Four usual

Feasts of the Year; that is to Say, at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary, the Nativity of St. John the Baptist, and

St. Michael the Archangel, or within Fourteen Days next after every of the said Feasts in every Year, or oftener if thereunto required.

3. You shall, from Time to Time, well and truly

pay, or cause to be paid, unto Re-

ceiver General and Cashier of the Customs, or to the Receiver General and Cashier thereof for the Time being, at the Custom House within the Port of

don, all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be by you collected and received as aforesaid, as you shall receive the same, making Distinction in your Payments, whether by Bill of Exchange or otherwise, betwixt the Monies payable for Customs, Subsidy, Additional Duty and Impositions, or other Duties payable to His Majesty.

4. You shall, at the Feast of Christmas in every

Year, or within Thirty Days after, fully pay in, discharge, and clear your Accounts of all the Monies due, and by you collected, for the Year ending at the Feast aforesaid; and also shall well and truly perform and execute the said Office or Place in all Things thereunto appertaining.

5. You shall not, directly or indirectly, either in your own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, or in Company or Partner* ship with any other, trade as a Merchant for yourself, or as a Factor or Agent for any other, in or for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes.

6. You shall do your best Endeavour, with tha Privity and Approbation of the Comptroller, in taking good Security by Bond or Bonds, for the Additional Duty, Impositions, or other Duties, in such Manner as the Law directs; and you shall duly answer and pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as you shall receive upon any such Bonds, unto tire said Receiver General and Cashier, with the Interest due thereon.

7. You shall, upon Demand to be mode by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Four or more of them, or by any Person or Persons to be by them appointed in that Behalf, deliver up to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons so appointed, all such of the said Bonds as shall at the Time of such Demand remain unsatisfied or undischarged, whole, safe, and uncancelled.

8. You shall not pay or allow any Salaries, otherwise than as you shall from Time to Time be directed by us, or the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, nor any Monies by Way of Incident Charges, but in the usual Cases of Tidesmen’s and Boatmen’s Daily Pay, with the Rent for His Majesty’s Custom House in your Port, unless you receive our Directions in Writing for so doing; and before you shall pay any Tidesman or Boatman his Daily ray, you shall have the Surveyor’s Certificate of such Tidesman’s and Boatman’s Service, and Money due unto him.

9. You shall grant no Bill of Sight or Sufferance for the landing of any Merchandize, but only to such Persons who shall make Gath before you, that they have neither Invoice, Letter, or other Advice, whereby to make known the true Contents of such Goods for which they desire such Bill of Sight or Sufferance; and when Goods are landed by such Bill, you are to take Care that a sufficient Deposit be made with the Privity of the Comptroller, to answer the Duties due on those Goods.

10. You shall cause all Warrants and Entries for Goods and Merchandizes, both Inwards or Outwards, to be entered, dc Die in Diem, in the open Custom House, in the Books which we have or shall transmit unto you, and shall write and adjust your Quarter Books to be sent unto us in the Method and Form prescribed; and every Quarter Book is to be signed by yourself, and by the Surveyor, expressing, that you and the Surveyor have examined the whole Book, and find that the Quality and Quantity of all Merchandizes, imported and exported within your Port during such Quarter, is truly entered therein.

11. Besides the Quarterly Account as aforesaid, vou shall also send to us a Monthly Abstract of the Receipts and Payments within Six Days after the End of each Month, except those Months where the respective Quarters end; and then for the Months of March and September, the next Post after each Quarter Day; and, for the other Quarters, within Six Days after each Quarter Day; and such other Accounts as we from Time to Time shall direct.

12. You are to take Notice, that you and the Comptroller are to have separate Locks on the Money and Bonds, and every Day to lock up the Receipts of that Day; and, in making up all Accounts, you are to call

7 upon

27 Geo. III.

26° Jmmarii.

z6$

upon the Comptroller to examine and sign the same Customs in the said Port, shall well and truly dameon before you transmit them to the proper Offices, and yourself, and shall not do any Act or Thing whereby or make him privy to all Orders from the Board, and to wherein His Majesty may be prejudiced, hindered, or consult with him in the whole Management and Bu- damaged in His Customs, or other Duties, or any Law siness of the Port; and when you have Occasion to write relating to the Importation or Exportation of Goods or to the Board, you must first advise with the Comptroller, Merchandizes, violated or broken.

and call upon him to join with you in all Letters and Representations; and, if at any Time lie does not sign along with you, the Reason thereof must be explained by a Postscript to the Letter.

13. You shall not give Credit to, or trusty any Merchant or other Person in the Forbearance of Read^y Money in Payment of Custom, or other His Majesty s Duties, but shall receive all Customs, and other Duties, upon passing the Entries, unless in such Cases where the Law allows the taking of Bonds, and therein you are to

.proceed as the Law directs.

14. You shall have a due Care and Inspection as well into the Demeanor of all Officers, Agents, or Deputies, deputed by us in the said Port, as into the Demeanor of His Majesty’s Patent Officers, and their

Custom House,

6 Nov' 1786.

A tree Copy.

IV. StilesSecretary.

N«59.

The Examination of Arthnt Esquire;

taken upon Oath, May 5th, 9th, and 18th, and June 23d, 1786.

This Examinant saith, That there are frequent References to the General Surveyors, by Order of the Board, on the Subject of Complaints made by the Deputies, and of all other Persons employed in your Merchants, relative to Fees. The Nature of these Port, in or about His Majesty’s Customs; and where Complaints is, either that the Fees demanded by the you shall discover any Fraud, Negligence, or Misbe- Officer are considered as too high, or not warranted by liaviour, you shall impartially acquaint us therewith, to Faw: These Complaints are mostly in respect to Fees the End we may take such Course for Redress thereof as Business done at legal Hours, and apon the legal we shall see Cause. Quays; but Complaints have arisen on account of

15. You shall not suffer any Officer to keep a Vic- I *3 demanded by the Officers, under the 6th and 7th tualling House, or House of public Entertainment; of the 3d, for Business done at Times add

and if you find any Officer so to do, you are to call Places not required by Law-. The Mode of Payment upon him to quit such House; and if he neglects to ty Fee has, in some Instances, been represented by

do it, you are to represent the Matter specially to us.

16. You are to be very careful in preparing your Account of Incidents, to be laid before us Quarterly, to observe the Rules hereunto annexed.

17. You are not to direct or consent that any Information be entered or lodged in your Name, or in the Name of His Majesty’s Attorney General, at your Expence, upon any Offence relating to the Customs, in any

some as uncertain.

and increasing in the

Fee nas, in the Merchants Quantum paid.

When he has been upon Inspections at the Out Ports, Complaints of the same Kind with those in the Port of London have arisen from the Merchant against the Officer, and also from Officers against those Officers from whom they receive their Salaries and Shares of Seizures.

At Liverpool, the Ground of these Complaints in the

Court of Record, or before any Justices of the Peace, Collector’s Office is, according to an Account which he

- ’iL ‘ ’ '----'' ‘ ‘ '' - 1 has received, removed by a Regulation of the Collector of that Port, who does not receive Fees himself, and will not suffer his Clerks to take any Fee or Gratuity, except a Fee of One Shilling, for filling up a Bond, agreeable to a Statute of Anne, not even for Business done upon a Holiday, when One Clerk is required by him to attend; and of this public Notice is affixed: And in lieu of Fees and Gratuities, be pays his Clerks such Salaries as he thinks adequate to their respective Services.

In the Course of his Inspections at the Out Ports, he has had Reason to believe, that many Evils arise from die Practice of the Officers taking Fees, and he

without giving us an immediate Account thereof, and the Particulars and Circumstances of such Information; but if the Informer desires to be concealed, you need not mention his Name; and you are at the same Time to send or deliver an Account in Writing to the Inspector of Prosecutions, mentioning die Names and Places of Abode, and the Quantities of Goods expressed in such Informations; and you are not, on any Pretence, to treat upon any Proposal for a Composition, or agree upon any Licence out of the Court of Exchequer, or otherwise stop or delay Proceedings against any Offender, or upon any Seizure or Informa- — against any Persons, Ships, Vessels, Boats,

tion

or

Goods, without first obtaining our Approbation; and in apprehends that this Practice is very much owing to ~ . .1 the Smallness of the Salaries of many of the Officers,

particularly those in the inferior Stations.

Ar. Hammond.

A. Piggott,

Neave,

Sam!

Geo. Drummond, mtr Roe.

such Case you must, for that Purpose, state the whole Matter to us.

18. You shall not only faithfully and diligently discharge and execute the Trust and Employment of a Collector, in right receiving, accounting, and paying all Sums of Money which you shall or ought to receive for His Majesty; but, in every other Matter and Thing relating to the Duty of a Collector of the

A

Vol. 42.

.V 60.

Fifteenth Report on Public Accounts.

264

i6° Janu

A. 1787.

fifteenth Report on Public Account#.

N* 60.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum paid out of the Duties of the Customs, for the Land Tax, assessed on the Salaries of the Officers of the Customs in the Port of London, for the Year 1784.

Paid for Land Tax assessed in the City of Lofor the Year 1784 »

Paid in the Year 1784 for Land Tax assessed out of the City of London - -

jC» a. d* 775 17 a

47 »» 6

L

823 8 8

13th May, 1785.

J. Mills, for die Recr General.

N* 61.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum paid out of the Duties of the Customs, for the Land Tax, assessed on the Salaries of the Officers of the Customs at the Out Ports, for the Year 1784 - - £. 8,842 — ioi

Custom House, , 31st May 1785.

James Powell, Insp.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Wacker-barth’s N*t. Petition.

A Petition of George Waclcer was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Bramston do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Mooring, kc. A Petition of Joseph , of Christchurch, in the

Vessels in the County of Surrey, and of the Parish of

aou.1 ° °n" Saint Peters, Paul’s in the City of London,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Number of Ships and Vessels of all Descriptions, frequenting the Port of Iffndon, is exceedingly great, and the Value thereof, and of their Cargoes, is computed to amount, at all Times, to near Four Millions of Money; and that the Navigation of the Itiver Thames, between London Bridge and Cuckold's Point, is much impeded by the Practice of Ships and Vessels lying at their Anchors in the Middle of the River (which, from the Insufficiency of proper Moorings, is in some Degree unavoidable) where every Captain or Master chusing his own Station, and the Tiers or Moorings being extended to an improper Length, great Obstructions, Delay, and Danger, arc thereby occasioned, many Accidents happen, and heavy Losses are sustained, by the sinking or damaging of Ships, Vessels, and small Craft, navigating the said River within the abovementioned Limits; and that the irregular and improper Manner in which Ships and Vessels lie at the W harfs and Landing Places, within the Limits aforesaid, occasions them to project so far into the Itiver, as to make the Navigation thereof laborious, inconvenient, and dangerous, particularly for Lighters and small Boats; besides which, great Inconvenience and Danger are thereby occasioned to the Vessels themselves, in changing their Situations, and in getting up to the Wharfs, or quitting them, and, by Means of the Circumstances before mentioned, frequent Losses and Inconveniencies are occasioned by Lighters, Barges, and other small Craft, being delayed in getting to their Places of Destination to receive or discharge their Cargoes; and that Robberies, Piracies, and various Outrages and Misdemeanors, are frequently committed within the said Limits in the Night-time, and, although the Lives and Properties of the Inhabitants of the Me-tropolis are protected by an ample and well-regulated "Watch and Police, no such Safety is provided for the Ships and Vessels frequenting the Port of where Thieves and Robbers form themselves into such large Gangs, as to render it impossible for single Vessels to protect themselves from iheir Attacks and Depredations; and the above Evils are particularly alarming to Foreigners, and it is apprehended are, on many Accounts, extremely detrimental to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London; and that the Petitioners apprehend that, in order to provide an effectual and permanent Remedy for the Evils and Inconveniencies hereinbefore enumerated, it is necessary that proper Rules and Orders, for the stationing and regulating of Ships and Vessels frequenting the said Port, should be framed, and that the same should be carried into Effect by Persons to be appointed and authorized to act therein as Harbour Masters; and that, for the Protection of the Lives and Properties of all Persons resorting to, or continuing in, the said Port, within the Limits aforesaid, the Petitioners also apprehend it is necessary that a good and sufficient Nightly Watch should be established, consisting of able-bodied Men, and divided into proper Stations, and, as the Number of Men required for such Watch would be very considerable, they would be found exceedingly useful, and would always be at Hand to assist and direct Ships and Vessels coming into the Port in the Night-time, whereby Accidents might be

prevented,

6

9

their

5 be* .-neks srcail ’S of yK<; uyt itiiia the Mealed the m info njla and irij are, tb# liat aa

d

lie

iiJ

nJ

nd

id

ti

*0

St

of

it

127 Geo. III. 260 Ja. 265

prevented, and would be it further Service to the Public, as well oq Shore as on the Water, by discovering and giving Notice of Fires, and, if the same should happen on the River, or the Shore on either Side thereof, by speedily assisting the reat; and that the Petitioners conceive themselves to be duly qualified to execute the several Purposes before mentioned respecting the Shipping, and in other Respects to perform the Duty done by Harbour Masters in other Ports in Great Britain, and are willing to undertake the same, and also to provide and maintain proper Mooring Chains and other Requisites, and to form, regulate, and manage, a proper and sufficient Nightly Watch, in Manner and for the Purposes above mentioned; and, that they will do the Whole at their own Expence, in Consideration of such Recompence and Satisfaction being provided and allowed for their Trouble, Attendance, Costs, and Charges therein, as may by the House be thought fit and reasonable: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing Regulations for the lying and mooring of Ships and Vessels in the Port of London, between London Bridge and Cuckold's Point, and for providing and regulating a Nightly Watch within the Limits aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

M!.borne A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in

Hoad Peti- Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the tluu‘ Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Ashborneto Sudbury, and from Sudbury " to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road " upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of " Derby and Stafford," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have borrowed the Sum of £.4,510 on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the Roads mentioned in the said Act, which they have applied to the several Purposes by the said Act directed, and the same is now owing; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, but find that the several Roads comprized therein cannot be effectually made and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, with the Interest thereof, be paid, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers in the aforesaid Act, and making the same more effectual, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to AJr. Lord George

Cavendish, See.: And they are 1o meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bridlington A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Harbour l’c- thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for put-tlUou' ting in Execution the Acts passed for repairing the Piers of Bridlington, alias in the East

Riding of the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts of Parliament were passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of King William the Third, the First, Filth, and Seventh Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kiinj George the Second, whereby certain Duties, Vo l. 42.

Taxes, and Powers were granted and continued, for the Purpose of re-building, repairing, and amending the said Piers, which Acts have Continuance only until the Year 1791; and that the said Piers, as well as the Harbour, have, by virtue of the said Acts, and at a very great Expence, been enlarged and improved, but the Piers being built of Timber, are subject to a considerable Annual Expence, and are liable to sudden and great Damage by the Violence of the Sea; and that the Petitioners apprehend thej said Piers and Harbour are capable of being further improved, and made more extensively useful, by lengthening the Piers, and performing other Works in and about the Harbour, but the same cannot be done, nor the present Works supported and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said recited Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, and for further improving the said Piers and Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DunMr. force, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Canterbury Common Council, and several other of the principal Inhabitants of the City of Canterbury, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Walls of the said City, and Liberties thereof, and also several Places in the County of Kent, near or adjoining and leading into the said City, are -not properly paved, cleansed, lighted or watched, and are subject to various Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all Persons resorting to the said City, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Incroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the M alls of the said City, and the Liberties thereof, and also several Places in the County of Kent, near or adjoining and leading into the said City, and for removing all Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition bo referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is refencd to Mr. Gipps, Mr. Charles Robinson, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and . Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Harlow Road Execution several Acts, made in the Tenth Year of Petition, the Reign of King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlo Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlem’, to Woodford, in the County of

3 Y 'Essex,

t

Fuckle-church Road Petition*

266

16° Januarii.

A. 1787*

Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes be-forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the fore mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall Execution of the said Acts, but, notwithstanding all think proper.

their Care and Attention, and although great Pro* Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

gress hath been made in repairing the Roads, yet the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-same are not sufficiently amended, nor can they be mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed on the shall appear to them, to the House:

Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Terms and And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued, ston, See.And they are to meet upon Monday Morning End made more effectual; and that, by a Survey lately next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; made, it appears, that the opening a Communication and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and between Epping and Chelmsford, by extending the Ep- Records. ping Turnpike Road, and repairing the Highways

~ " Resolved, That this House w ill receive no Pe- time for

from the Seventeen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Epping, through the Parishes of,

Bobbinguvrth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, Shelley, and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish of would

be highly beneficial to that Part of the County of Essex, arid of great Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

titions for Private Bills after the oth Day of March receiving

next

Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Motionfft to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a a Supply.

for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers Supply be granted to His Majesty:

of the said Acts* and for repairing and amending the said additional Road from Epping through the several Parishes of Northxreald Bassett, Bobbingicorth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, and to The Four

Want Way, in the said Pa of Shelley and from thence through the Parishes of Chipping Ongar, High Ongar, and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish of in the said County, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, and under such Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.* And that they do exa-riiine the Matter thereof; and report the saute, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And it is deferred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Penntd* docke. See.: And they are to rtleet upon Monday Morn* ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* House, by His Majesty’s Command, ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Treaty with juse, by His Majesty’s Command, France, and

Copy of a Treaty of Navigation and Commerce

A Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Ekecu* tion Two Acts of Parliament, made In the Twenty*-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Second Year of the Reign Of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Puclilechurch and Mongolfeld, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Ma/ford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and also from aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due, and the same cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some further and other Powers granted; and Alledging, that such Part of the said Roads as lies between Burton Gate and The Salutation Inn (being about One Mile and Three Quarters in Length) is at present repaired at the joint Expence of the Petitioners and the Trus-

between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles, the 26th of September 17S6; and P Translation: And also,

Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the King of Spain, signed at London, the 14th of July 1786; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followed]; viz.

TRANSLATION of the Treaty of Navigation arid Commerce between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles, the 26th of September 178C.

His Britannick Majesty, and His Most Christian Majesty, being equally animated with the Desire not only of consolidating the good Harmony which actually subsists between them, but also of extending the happy Effects thereof to their respective Subjects, have thougltf that the most efficacious Means for attaining those Objects, conformably to the 18th Article of the tees for repairing certain other Turnpike Roads near Treaty of Peace signed the 6th of September, 1783* or adjoining thereto, and, the Petitioners apprehend, would be to adopt a System of Commerce on the Basis it would be proper, that the same should, for the of Reciprocity and mutual Convenience, which, by future, be kept in Repair by and at the Expence discontinuing the Prohibitions and prohibitory Duties of the Petitioners; and that there is a certain Lane, which have existed for almost a Century between the branching out of the Turnpike Road at Pucklechurch, Two Nations, might procure the most solid Advan-and communicating with the Bristol Turnpike Road at tages, on both Sides, to the National Productions and Wick, in the County of Gloucester (being about Two Industry, and put an End to Contraband Trade, no Miles in Length) and it would be a great Ease to the less injurious to the public Revenue than to that law-Parishes within which the said Lane lies, if the Peti- ful Commerce which is alone entitled to Protection, tioners were impowered to keep the same in Repair: For this End, their said Majesties have named for their

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to Commissaries and Plenipotentiaries, to wit, the King

of

M 0fl '

a45V

h

id

n-

iey

;cd

ive

hjf

theiir

fs Tee

uid

the

uly

;er

Qi

)0

3l

5

a7 Geo. III. 26° Januarii.

Mi Great Britain, Jl iUiam Eden, Esq; Privy Councillor in Great Britain and Ireland, Member of the British Parliament, and His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty; and the Most Christian King, the Sieur Joseph Mathias Gerard de liayneval, Knight, Councillor of State, Knight of the Royal Order of Charles 3d. who, after having exchanged their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article I.

It is agreed and concluded between the Most Serene and Most Potent King of Great Britain, and the Most Serene and Most Potent the Most Christian King, that there shall be a reciprocal and entirely perfect Liberty of Navigation and Commerce between the Subjects of each Party, in all and every the Kingdoms, States, Provinces and Territories subject to their Majesties in Europe, for all and singular Kinds of Goods, in those Places, upon the Conditions, and in such Manner and Form as is settled and adjusted in the following Articles.

Article II.

For the future Security of Commerce and Friendship between the Subjects of their said Majesties, and to the End that this good Correspondence may be preserved from all Interruption and Disturbance, it is concluded and agreed, that if, at any Time, there should arise any Misunderstanding, Breach of Friendship, or Rupture between the Crowns of their Majesties, which God forbid! (which Rupture shall not be deemed to exist until the re-calling or sending Home of the respective Ambassadors and Ministers) the Subjects of each of the Two Parties residing in the Dominions of the other, shall have the Privilege of remaining and continuing their Trade therein, without any Manner of Disturbance, so long as they behave peaceably, and commit no Offence against the Laws and Ordinances: And in case their Conduct should render them suspected, and the respective Governments should be obliged to order them to remove, the Term of Twelve Months shall be allowed them for that Purpose, in order that they may remove, with their Effects and Property, whether entrusted to Individuals or to the State. At the same Time it is to be understood that this Favour is not to be extended to those whose Conduct shall be contrary to the public Peace.

Article III.

It is likewise agreed and concluded, that the Subjects and Inhabitants of the Kingdoms, Provinces, and Dominions of their Majesties, shall exercise no Acts of Hostility or Violence against each other, either by Sea or by Land, or in Rivers, Streams, Ports, for Havens, under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever; so that the Subjects of either Party shall receive no Patent, Commission, or Instruction for arming and acting at Sea as Privateers, nor Letters of Reprisal, a3 they are called, from any Princes or States, Enemies to the other Party; nor by virtue or under Colour of such Patents, Commissions or Reprisals, shall they disturb, infest, or any Way prejudice or damage the aforesaid Subjects anil Inhabitants of the King of Great Britain, or of the Most Christian King; neither shall they arm Ships in such Manner as is abovesaid, or go out to Sea therewith. To which End, as often as it is required by cither Party, strict and express Prohibitions shall be renewed and published in all the Territories, Countries, and Dominions of each Party wheresoever, that no one shall in anywise use such Commissions or Letters of Reprisal, under the severest Punishment that can be indicted on the Transgressors, besides being liable to make full Restitution and Satisfaction to those to w horn they have done any Damage: Neither shall any Letters of Reprisal lie hereafter granted by either of the said High Contracting Parties, to the Prejudice or Detriment of the Subjects of the other, except only in

Vox.. 42.

such Case wherein Justice is denied or delayed; which Treaty with Denial or Delay of Justice shall not be regarded as France, tu-. verified, unless the Petition of the Person, who desires the said Letters of Reprisal, be communicated to the Minister residing the re on the Part of the Prince against w hose Subjects they are to be granted, that within the Space of Four Months, or sooner, if it be possible, he may manifest the contrary, or procure the Satisfaction which may be justly due.

Article IV.

The Subjects and Inhabitants of the respective Dominions of the Two Sovereigns shall have Liberty, freely and securely, w ithout Licence or Passport, general or special, by Land or by Sea, or any other Way, to enter into the Kingdoms, Dominions, Provinces,

Countries, Islands, Cities, Villages, Towns, walled or unwalled, fortified or unfortified, Ports, or Territories whatsoever, of either Sovereign, situated in Europe, and to return from thence, to remain there, or to pass through the same, and therein to buy and purchase, as they please, all Things necessary for their Subsistence and Use, and they shall mutually be treated with all Kindness and Favour. Provided, however, that, in all these Matters, they behave and conduct themselves conformably to the Laws and Statutes, and live with each other in a friendly and peaceable Manner, and promote reciprocal Concord by maintaining a mutual good Understanding.

Article V.

The Subjects of each of their said Majesties may have Leave and Licence to come with their Ships, as also with the Merchandizes and Goods on board the same, the Trade and Importation whereof are not prohibited by the Laws of either Kingdom, and to enter into the Countries, Dominions, Cities, Ports, Places, and Rivers of either Party, situated in Europe, to resort thereto, and to remain and reside there, without any Limitation of Time; also to hire Houses, or to lodge with other Persons, and to buy all lawful Kinds of Merchandizes, where they think fit, either from the First Maker or the Seller, or in any other Manner, whether in the Publick Market for the Sale of Merchandizes, or in Fairs, or wherever such Merchandizes are manufactured or sold. They may likewise deposit and keep in their Magazines and Warehouses, the Merchandizes brought from other Parts, and afterwards expose the same to Sale, without being in anywise obliged, unless willingly and of their own Accord, to bring the said Merchandizes to the Marts and Fairs. Neither are they to be burthened with any Impositions or Duties on Account of the said Freedom of Trade, or for any other Cause whatsoever, except those which are to be paid for their Ships and Merchandizes conformably to the Regulations of the present Treaty, or those to which the Subjects of the Two Contracting Parties shall themselves be liable. And they shall have free Leave to remove themselves, as also their Wives, Children, and Servants, together with their Merchandizes, Property, Goods, or Effects, whether bought or imported, wherever they shall think fit, out of either Kingdom, by Land and by Sea, on the Rivers and Fresh Waters, after discharging the usual Duties, any Law, Privilege, Grant, Immunities, or Customs, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. In Matters of Religion, the Subjects of the Two Crowns shall enjoy perfect Liberty: They shall not be compelled to attend Divine Service, whether in the Churches or elsewhere; but, on the contrary, they shall be permitted, without any Molestation, to perform the Exercises of their Religion privately in their own Houses, and in their own Way. Liberty shall not be refused to bury the Subjects of either Kingdom who die in the Territories of the other, in convenient Places to be appointed for that Purpose; nor shall the Funerals or Sepulchres of the Deceased be in anywise disturbed.

The

*6 8

2 6° Janu

A. 1787.

Treaty with The Laws and Statutes of each Kingdom shall remain 12th. Porcelain, Earthen M arc, and Pottery shall Trance, Sec. in Force and Vigour, and shall be duly put in Execution, pay reciprocally Twelve per Cent, ad 1

whether they relate to Commerce and Navigation, or 13th. Plate-Cilass and Glass Ware in general, shall to any other Eight, those Cases only excepted, con- be admitted, on each Side, paying a Duty of Twelve cerning which it is otherwise determined in die Articles per Cad. ad Valorem.

of this present Treaty. His Britan nidi Majesty reserves the Eight of coun*

. . tervailing, by additional Duties on the undermentioned

Article V1. Merchandizes, the internal Duties actually imposed

The Two High Contracting Parties have thought upon the Manufactures, or the Import Duties which are proper to settle the Duties on certain Goods and Mer- charged on the raw Materials; namely, on ail Linens chandizes, in order to lix invariably the Footing on or Cottons, stained or printed, on Beer, Glass Ware, which the Trade therein shall be established between the Plate-Glass, and Iron.

Two Nations. In Consequence of which they have And IBs Most Christian Majesty also reserves the agreed upon the following lariff, viz*. Right of doing the same, with regard to the billow ing

1st. The Wines of France, imported directly from Merchandizes; namely, Cottons, Iron, and Beer.

France into Great Britain, shall, in no Case, pay any And for the better securing the due Collection of the higher Duties than those which the Wines of Portugal Duties payable ad , which are specified in the

now pay. above Tariff the said Contracting Parties will concert

The Wines of France, imported directly from France w j,h each other the Form of the Declarations to he into Ireland shall pay no higher Duties than those made, and the proper Means of preventing Fraud with which they now pay. _ respect to the real Value of the said Goods and Mer-

2nd. The Vinegars of France, instead of Sixty-seven chandizes.

Pounds Five Shillings and Three pence, and Twelve But if it shall hereafter appear that any Mistakes have Twentieths of a Penny Sterling, per Ton, which they inadvertently been made in the above Tariff, contrary now pay, shall not, for the future, pay, in Great Britain, to the Principles on which it is founded, the Two Sove-any higher Duties than Thirty-two Pounds Eighteen reigns will concert together with good Faith upon the Shillings and Ten Pence, and Sixteen Twentieths of a Means of rectifying the m.

Penny Sterling, per Ton. 0

3d. The Brandies of France, instead of Nine Shil- Article A II.

lings and Six Pence, and Twelve Twentieths of a Penny The Duties above specified arc not to be altered but Sterling, shall, for the future, pay, in Great Britain, by mutual Consent; and the Merchandizes not above only Seven Shillings Sterling per Gallon, making Four specified shall pay, in the Dominions of the Two Sove-Quarts, English Measure. reigns, the Import and Export Duties payable in each

4th. Oil of Olives, coming directly from France, of the said Dominions by the most favoured European shall, for the future, pay no higher Duties than Nations, at the Time the present Treaty bears Date; are now paid for the same from the most favoured and the Ships belonging to the Subjects of the said Nations. Dominions shall also respectively enjoy therein all the

5th. Beer shall pay reciprocally a Duty of Thirty per Privileges and Advantages which are granted to those of Cent, ad Valorem. the most favoured European Nations.

6th. The Duties on Hardware, Cutlery, Cabinet And it being the Intention of the Two High Con-Ware, and Turnery, and also all Works, both heavy trading Parties, that their respective Subjects should and light, of Iron, Steel, Copper, and Brass, shall be be in the Dominions of each other, upon a Footing as classed; and the highest Duty shall not exceed Ten advantageous as those of other European Nations, they per Cent, ad Valorem. agree that, in case they shall hereafter grant any addi-

7th. All Sorts of Cottons manufactured in the Do- tional Advantages in Navigation or Trade to any other minions of the Tw’o Sovereigns in Europe, and also European Nation, they will reciprocally allow their said Woollens, whether knit or wove, including Hosiery, Subjects to participate therein, without Prejudice bow-shall pay, in both Countries, an Import Duty of Twelve ever to the Advantages which they reserve, viz*. France, per Cent, ad Valorem; all Manufactures of Cotton or in Favour of Spain, in consequence of the 24th Article Wool, mixed with Silk, excepted, which shall remain of the Family Compact, signed the 10th of May, 1761; prohibited on both Sides. and England according to what she has practised in

8th. Cambricks and Lawns shall pay, in both Coun- Conformity to, and in consequence of the Convention tries, an Import Duty of Five Shillings, or Six Livres of 1703, between England and Portugal.

Touniois, per Demi Piece of Seven Yards and Three And to the End that every Person may know with

Quarters, English Measure; and Linens, made of Flax Certainty the State of the aforesaid Imposts, Customs, or Hemp, manufactured in the Dominions of the Two Import and Export Duties, whatever they may he, it Sovereigns in Europe, shall pay no higher Duties, either is agreed that Tariffs, indicating the Imposts, Cm toms,

in Great Britain or France, than Linens manufactured and established Duties, shall be affixed in Public in Holland or Flanders, imported into Great Britain, Places, as well in Rotten and the other Trading Cities now pay. of France, as in London and the other Trading Cities

And Linens made of Flax or Hemp, manufactured under the Dominion of the King of Great Britain, in Ireland or France, shall reciprocally pay no higher that Recourse may he had to them whenever any Dif-Duties than Linens manufactured in Holland, imported ference shall arise concerning such Imposts, Customs, into Ireland, now pay. and Duties, which shall not be levied otherwise than

qth. Saddlery shall reciprocally pay an Import Duty in Conformity to what is clearly expressed in the saW of Fifteen per Cent, ad Valorem. Tariffs, and according to their natural Construction.'

10th. Gauzes of all Sorts shall reciprocally pay Ten And if any Officer, or other Person in his Name, shall, per Cent, ad Valorem. under any Pretence, publickly or private!)', directly or

nth. Millinery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Cam- indirectly, demand or take of a Merchant, or of any brick or Gauze of every Kind, or of any other Article other Person, any Sum of Money, or any Thing else, admitted under the present Taritlj shall pay recipro- on Account of Duties, Impost, Search, or Compensa-cally a Duty of Twelve per Cent, ad Valorem: And if tion, although it be under the Name of a Free Gift, any Articles shall be used therein, which are not speci- or under any other Pretence, more or otherwise than fied in the Tariff, they shall pay no higher Duties than what is above prescribed; in such Case, the said Officer, those paid for the same Articles by the most favoured or his Deputy, if he he accused and convicted of the Nations. same before a competent Judge, in the Place where the

'll Ge'o. III. 160 Januarii. 260

the Crime was committed, shall give full Satisfaction to the injured Party, and shill likewise suffer the Penalty prescribed by the Laws.

Article VIII.

No Merchandize exported from the Countries respectively under the Dominion of their Majesties shall hereafter be subject to be inspected or confiscated, under any Pretence of Fraud or Defect in making or working them, or of any other Imperfection whatsoever; but absolute Freedom shall be allowed to the Buyer and Seller to bargain and fix the Price for the same, as they shall see good; any Law, Statute, Edict, Proclamation, Privilege, Grant, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Article IX.

Whereas several Kinds of Merchandizes, which arc Usually contained in Casks, Chests, or other Cases, and for which the Duties are paid by Weight, will be exported from and imported into France by British Subjects; it is agreed that, in such Case, the aforesaid Duties shall be demanded only according to the real Weight of the Merchandizes; and the Weight of the Casks, Chests, and other Cases whatever, shall be deducted, in the same Manner as has been and is now practised in England.

Article X.

It is further agreed, that if any Mistake or Error shall be committed by any Master of a Ship, his Interpreter or Factor, or by others employed by him, in making the Entry or Declaration of her Cargo, neither the Ship nor the Cargo, for such Defect, shall be subject to Confiscation; but it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to take back again such Goods as were omitted in the Entry or Declaration of the Master of the Ship, paying only the accustomed Duties according to the Pancart; provided always that there be no manifest Appearance of Fraud. Neither shall the Merchants, or the Masters of Ships, or the Merchandize, be subject to any Penalties by Reason of such Omis-.sion, in case the Goods omitted in the Declaration shall not have been landed before the Declaration has been made.

Article XI.

In case either of the Two High Contracting Parties shall think proper to establish Prohibitions, or to augment the Import Duties upon any Goods or Merchandize of the Growth or Manufacture of the other, which are not specified in the Tariff such Prohibitions or Augmentations shall be general, and shall comprehend the like Goods and Merchandizes of the other most favoured European Nations, as well as those of either State: And in case either of the Two Contracting Parties shall revoke the Prohibitions, or diminish the Duties, in Favour of any other European Nation, upon any Goods or Merchandize of its Growth or Manufacture, whether on Importation or Exportation, such Revocations or Diminutions shall be extended to the Subjects of the other Party, on Condition that the latter shall grant to the Subjects of the former the Importation and Exportation of the like Goods and Merchandizes under the same Duties; the Cases reserved in the 7th Article of the present Treaty always excepted.

Article XII.

And forasmuch as a certain Usage, not authorized by any Law, has formerly obtained in divers Parts of Great Britain and France, by which French Subjects have paid in England a Kind of Capitation Tax, called in the Language of that Country Head Money; and English Subjects a like Duty in called Argent

Du Chef: it is agreed that the said Impost shall not be demanded for the future, on either Side, neither under the ancient Name, nor under any other Name whatsoever.

Vol. 43*

Article XIII.

If either of the High Contracting Parties has granted, Trontv with or shall grant, any Bounties for encouraging the *f*

Exportation of any Articles, being of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of His Dominions, the other Party shall be allowed to add to the Duties already imposed, by virtue of the present Treaty, 011 the said Goods and Merchandizes, imported into his Dominions, such an Import Duty as shall be equivalent to the said Bounty. But this Stipulation is not to extend to the Cases of Restitutions of Duties and Imposts,

(called Drawbacks) which are allowed upon Exportation.

Article XIV.

The Advantages granted by the present Treaty to the Subjects of His Brit amuck Majesty shall take Effect, as far as relates to the Kingdom of Great Britain, as Soon as Laws shall be passed there for securing to the Subjects of His Most Christian Majesty the reciprocal Enjoyment of the Advantages which are granted to them by the present Treaty.

And the Advantages granted by all these Articles, except the Tariff, shall take Effect, with regard to the Kingdom of Ireland, as soon as Laws shall be passed there, for securing to the Subjects of His Most Christian Majesty the reciprocal Enjoyment of the Advantages which are granted to them by. this Treaty; and, in like Manner, the Advantages granted by the Tariff shall take Effect, in what relates to the said Kingdom, as soon as Laws shall be passed there for giving Effect to the said Tariff'.

Article XV.

It is agreed, that Ships belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects, arriving in the Dominions of His Most Christian Majesty from the Ports of Great Britain or Ireland, or from any other Foreign Port, shall not pay Freight Duty, of any other like Duty. In the same Manner, French Ships shall be exempted, in the Dominions of His Britannick Majesty, from the Duty of Five Shillings, and from every other similar Duty or Charge.

Article XVI.

It shall not be lawful for any Foreign Privateers, not being Subjects of either Crown, who have Commissions from any other Prince or State, in Enmity with either Nation, to arm their Ships in the Ports of either of the said Two Kingdoms, to sell what they have taken, or in any other Manner whatever to exchange the same; neither shall they be allowed even to purchase Victuals, except such as shall be necessary for their going to the nearest Port of that Prince from whom they have obtained Commissions.

Article XVII;

When any Dispute -shall arise between any Commander of a Ship and his Seamen, in the Ports of either Kingdom, concerning Wages due to the said Seamen, or other Civil Causes whatever, the Magistrate . of the Place shall require no more from the Person accused, than that he give to the Accuser a Declaration in Writing, witnessed by the Magistrate, whereby lie shall be bound to answer that Matter before a competent Judge in his own Country; which being done, it shall not be lawful either for the Seamen to desert their Ship, or to hinder the Commander from prosecuting his Voyage. It shall moreover be lawful for the Merchants in the Places of their Abode, or elsewhere, to keep Books of their Accounts and Affairs, as they shall think fit, and to have an Intercourse of Letters, in such Language or Idiom as they shall chuse, without any Molestation or Search whatsoever. But if it should happen to be necessary for them to produce their BooJ<s of Accounts for deciding any Dispute or Controversy, in such Case they shall be obliged to

3 Z bring

<2 jo <2(5° Janu. 1787.

Treaty with bring into Court the entire Books or Writings, but so as France, &c. tjlt, J,i(jrre n)ay not have Liberty to take Cognizance of any other Articles in the said Books, than such as shall relate to the Affair in Question, or such as shall be necessary to give Credit to the said Books; neither shall it be lawful, under any Pretence, to take the said Books or Writings forcibly out of the Hands of the Owners, or to retain them, the Case of Bankruptcy only excepted. Nor shall the Subjects of the King of Great Britain be obliged to write their Accounts,

Letters, or other Instruments relating to Trade, on stamped Paper, except their Day-Book, which, that it may be properly produced as Evidence in any Law'Suit,' ought, according to the Laws which all Persons trading in France are to observe, to be indorsed and attested gratis by the Judge, under his own Hand.

concerning Ships and Goods, that every Thing shall be deemed to be free, which shall be found on board the Ships belonging to the Subjects of the respective Kingdoms, although the whole Lading, or Part thereof, should belong to the Enemies of their Majesties, Contraband Goods being always excepted, on the stopping of which such Proceedings shall be had as are conformable to die Spirit of the following Articles; it is likewise agreed, that the same Liberty be extended to Persons who are on board a free Ship, to the End that, although they be Enemies to both or to either Party, they may not be taken out of such free Ship, unless they are Soldiers, actually in the Service of the Enemies, and on their Voyage for the Purpose of being employed in a Military Capacity, in their Elects or Armies.

Article XVIII.

It is further agreed and concluded, that all Merchants, Commanders of Ships, and others the Subjects of the King of Great Britain, in all the Dominions of His Most Christian Majesty in Europe, shall have full Liberty to manage their own Affairs themselves, or to commit them to the Management of whomsoever they please; nor shall they be obliged to employ any Interpreter or Broker, nor to pay them any Salary, unless they shall chuse to employ them. Moreover, Masters of Ships shall not be obliged, in loading or unloading their Ships, to make Use of those Persons who may be appointed by publick Authority for that Purpose, either at Bourdtaux or elsewhere, but it shall be en-

tirely free for them to load or unload their Ships by themselves, or to make Use of such Persons in loading or unloading the same, as they shall think lit, w ithout the Payment of any Reward to any other whomsoever; neither shall they be forced to unload into other Ships, or to receive into their own, any Merchandize whatever, or to wait for their Lading any longer than they please. And all the Subjects of the Most Christian King shall reciprocally have and enjoy the same Privileges and Liberties, in all the Dominions of His Britannick Majesty in Europe.

Article XIX.

The Ships of either Party being laden, sailing along the Coasts of the other, and being forced by Storm into the Havens or Ports, or making Land there in any other Manner whatever, shall not be obliged to unlade their Goods, or any Part thereof, or to pay any Duty, unless they, of their own Accord, unlade their Goods there, and sell some Part thereof. But it shall be lawful, Permission having been first obtained from those who have the Direction of Maritime Affairs, to unlade and sell a small Part of their Cargo, merely for the End of purchasing Necessaries, either for victualling or refitting the Ship; and in that Case the whole Lading shall not be subject to pay the Duties, but that small Part only which shall have been taken out and sold.

Article XX.

It shall be lawful for all the Subjects of the King of Great Britain, and of the Most Christian King, to sail with their Ships, with perfect Security and Liberty, no Distinction being made who are the Proprietors of the Merchandizes laden thereon, from any Port whatever, to the Countries which are now or shall be hereafter at War with the King of Great Britain, or the Most Christian King. It shall likewise be lawful for the aforesaid Subjects to sail and traffick with their Ships and Merchandizes, with the same Liberty and Security, from the Countries, Ports, and Places of those who are Enemies of both, or of either Party, without any Opposition or Disturbance whatsoever, and to pass directly not only from the Places of the Enemy aforementioned to Neutral Places, but also from one Place belonging to an Enemy to another Place belonging to an Enemy, whether they be under the Jurisdiction of the 6ame or of several Princes. And as it has been stipulated,

Article XXI.

This Liberty of Navigation and Commerce shall extend to all Kinds of Merchandizes, excepting those only which are specified in the following Article, and which are described under the Name of Contraband.

Article XXII.

Under this Name of Contraband, or prohibited Goods, shall be comprehended Arms, Cannon, Har-quebusses. Mortars, Petards, Bombs, Grenades, Sau-cisscs, Carcasses, Carriages for Cannon, Musket-Rests, Bandoleers, Gunpowder, Match, Saltpetre, Ball, Pikes, Swords, Head-Pieces, Helmets, Cuirasses, Halberds, Javelins, Holsters, Belts, Horses and Harness, and all other like Kinds of Arms and warlike Implements fit for the Use of Troops.

Article XXIII.

These Merchandizes which follow shall not be reckoned among contraband Goods, that is to say, all Sorts of Cloth, and all other Manufactures of Wool, Flax, Silk, Cotton, or any other Materials, all Kinds of Wearing Apparel, together with the Articles of which they are usually made, Gold, Silver, coined or uncoined, 'Tin, Iron, Lead, Copper, Brass, Coals, as also Wheat and Barley, and any other Kind of Com and Pulse, Tobacco, and all Kinds of Spices, salted and smoaked Flesh, salted Fish, Cheese and Butter, Beer, Oil, Wines, Sugar, all Sorts of Salt, and of Provisions which serve for Sustenance and Food to Mankind; also all Kinds of Cotton, Cordage, Cables, Sails, Sailcloth, Hemp, Tallow, Pitch, Tar, and Rosin, Anchors, and any Parts of Anchors, Ship-Masts, Planks, Timber of all Kinds of Trees, and all other Things proper either for building or repairing Ships. Nor shall any other Goods whatever, which have not been worked into the Form of any Instrument, or Furniture for warlike Use, by Land or by Sea, be reputed Contraband, much less such as have been already wrought and made up for any other Purpose. All which Things shall be deemed Goods not contraband, as likewise all others which are not comprehended and particularly described in the preceding Article; so that they may be freely carried by the Subjects of both Kingdoms, even to Places belonging to an Enemy, excepting only such Places as are besieged, blocked up, or invested.

Article XXIV.

To the End that all Manner of Dissensions and Quarrels may be avoided and prevented, on both Sides, it is agreed, that in case either of their Majesties should be engaged in War, the Ship3 and Vessels belonging to the Subjects of the other shall be furnished with Sea-Letters or Passports, expressing the Name, Property, and Bulk of the Ship, as also the Name and Place of Abode of the Master or Commander of the said Ship, that it may appear thereby that the Ship really and truly belongs to the Subjects of One of the Princes; which Passports shall be made out and granted, according to the Form annexed to

the

27 Geo. III.

271

the present Treaty: They shall likewise he renewed every Year, if the Ship happens to return Home within the Space of a Year. It is also agreed, that such Ships when laden are to be provided not only with Passports as above mentioned, but also with Certificates containing the several Particulars of the Cargo, the Place from whence the Ship sailed, and whither she is bound, so that it may be known whether she carries any of the prohibited or contraband Goods specified in the 22d Article of this Treaty; which Certificates shall be prepared by the Officers of the Place from whence the Ship set Sail, in the accustomed Form. And if any One shall think fit to express in the said Certificates the Person to whom the Goods belong, he may freely do so.

Article XXV.

The Ships belonging to the -Subjects and Inhabitants of the respective Kingdoms, coming to any of the Coasts of either of them, but without being willing to enter into Port, or, being entered, not willing to land their Cargoes or break Bulk, shall not be obliged to give an Account of their Lading, unless there are clear Grounds of Suspicion of their carrying prohibited Goods, called Contraband, to the Enemies of either of the Two High Contracting Parties.

Article XXVI.

In case the Ships belonging to the said Subjects and Inhabitants of the respective Dominions of their Most Serene Majesties, either on the Coast or on the High Seas, shall meet with any Men of War belonging to their Most Serene Majesties, or with Privateers, the said Men of War and Privateers, for preventing any Inconveniencies, are to remain out of Cannon Shot, and to send their Boats to the Merchant Ship which may be met with, and shall enter her to the Number of Two or Three Men only, to whom the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall shew his Passport, containing the Proof of the Property of the Ship, made out according to the Form annexed to this present Treaty; and the Ship which shall have exhibited the same shall have Liberty to continue her Voyage, and it shall be wholly unlawful any Way to molest or search her, or to chase or compel her to alter her Course.

Article XXVII.

The Merchant Ships belonging to the Subjects of either of the Two High Contracting Parties, which intend to go to a Port at Enmity with the other Sovereign, concerning whose Voyage, and the Sort of

O' O O 7 .

Goods on Board, there may be just Cause of Suspicion, shall be obliged to exhibit, as well on the High Seas as in the Ports and Havens, not only her Passports, but also her Certificates, expressing that the Goods are not of the Kind which are contraband, as specified in the 22d Article of this Treaty.

Article XXVIII.

If, on exhibiting the above-mentioned Certificates, containing a List of the Cargo, the ether Party should discover any Goods of that Kind which are declared contraband, or prohibited, by the 22d Article of this Treaty, and which are designed for a Port subject to his Enemies, it shall be unlawful to break up or open tire Hatches, Chests, Casks, Bales, or other Vessels found on Board such Ship, or to remove even the smallest Parcel of the Goods, whether the said Ship belongs to the Subjects of the King of Great Britain or of the Most Christian King, unless the Lading be brought on Shore, in the Presence of the Officers of the Court of Admiralty, and an Inventory made by them of the said Goods: Nor shall it be lawful to sell, exchange, or alienate the same in any Manner, unless after due and lawful Process shall have been had against such prohibited Goods, and the Judges of the Admiralty respectively shall, by Sentence pronounced,

Voi.. 42.

have confiscated the same, saving always as well the Treaty wait Ship itself, as the other Goods found therein, which by France, <xr this Treaty are to be accounted free; neither may they be detained on Pretence of their being mixed with prohibited Goods, much less shall they be confiscated as lawful Prize: And if when only Part of the Cargo shall consist of Contraband Goods, the Master of the Ship shall agree, consent, and offer to deliver them to the Captor who has discovered them, in such Case the Captor, having received those Goods as lawful Prize, shall forthwith release the Ship, and not hinder, by any Means, from prosecuting her Voyage to the Place of her Destination.

Article XXIX.

On the contrary it is agreed, that whatever shall be found to be laden by the Subjects and Inhabitants of either Party, on any Ship belonging to the Enemies of either, although it he not Contraband Goods, shall be confiscated in the same Manner as if it belonged to the Enemy himself; except those Goods and Merchandizes which were put on board such Ship before the Declaration of War, or the general Order for Reprisals, or even after such Declaration, if it were done within the Times following; that is to say, if they were put on Board such Ship in any Port or Place, within the Space of Two Months after such Declaration, or Order for Reprisals, between Archangel, St. Petersburgh, and the Stilly , and

between the said Islands and the City of Gibraltar; of Ten Weeks in the Mediterranean Sea; and of Eight Months in any other Country or Place in the World; so that the Goods of the Subjects of either Prince, whether they be contraband, or otherwise, which, as aforesaid, were put on Board any Ship belonging to an Enemy before the War, or after the Declaration of the same, within the Time and Limits above mentioned, shall no Ways be liable to Confiscation, but shall well and truly be restored, without Delay, to the Proprietors demanding the same; provided nevertheless, that, if the said Merchandizes be contraband, it shall not be any Ways lawful to carry them afterwards to the Ports belonging to the Enemy.

Article XXX.

And that more abundant Care may be taken for the Security of the respective Subjects of their Most Serene Majesties, to prevent their suffering any Injury by the Men of War or Privateers of either Party, all the Commanders of the Ships of the King of Great Britain, and of the Most Christian King, and all their Subjects, shall be forbid doing any Damage to those of the other Party, or committing any Outrage against them; and if they act to the contrary they shall be punished, and shall moreover be bound, in their Persons and Estates, to make Satisfaction and Reparation for all Damages, and the Interest thereof of what Natur« soever.

Article XXXI.

For this Cause all Commanders of Privateers, before they receive their Patents or Special Commissions, shall hereafter be obliged to give, before a competent Judge, sufficient Security by good Bail, who are responsible Men, and have no Interest in the said Ship, each of whom shall be bound in the Whole for the Sum of Thirty-six thousand Livres or Fifteen

hundred Pounds Sterling; or if such Ship be provided with above One hundred and Fifty Seamen of Soldiers, for the Sum of Seventy-two thousand Livres Toumois, or Three thousand Pounds Sterling, that they will make entire Satisfaction for all Damages and Injuries whatsoever, which they, or their Officers, or others in their Service, may commit during their Cruize, contrary to the Tenor of this present Treaty, or the Edicts made in consequence thereof by theif Most Serene Majesties, under Penalty likewise of

having

2J2

a6° Januarii. A. 1787,

Treaty with having their Patents and Special Commissions revoked France, &c. an£j aimuiled.

Article XXXII.

Their said Majesties being willing mutually to treat in their Dominions the Subjects of each other as favourably as if they were their own Subjects, will give such Orders as shall be necessary and effectual, that the Judgments and Decrees concerning Prizes in the Court of Admiralty be given conformably to the Rules of Justice and Equity, and to the Stipulations of this Treaty, by Judges who are above all Suspicion, and who have no Manner of Interest in the Cause in Dispute.

Article XXXIII.

And when the Quality of the Ship, Goods, and Master, shall sufficiently appear, from such Passports and Certificates, it shall not be lawful for the Commanders of Men of War to exact any further Proof under any Pretext whatsoever. Rut if any Merchant Ship shall not be provided with such Passports or Certificates, then it may be examined by a proper Judge, but in such Manner as, if it shall be found, from other Proofs and Documents, that it truly belongs to the Subjects of One of the Sovereigns, and does not contain any contraband Goods, designed to be carried to the Enemy of the other, it shall not lx; liable to Confiscation, but shall be released, together with its Cargo, in order to proceed on its Voyage.

If the Master of the Ship named in the Passports should happen to die, or be removed by any other Cause, and another put in his Place, the Ships and Goods laden thereon shall nevertheless be equally secure, and the Passports shall remain in full Force.

observed. Their Majesties shall likewise take Care that this Matter be effectually provided for, and that Justice be done to every Complainant within the Space of Three Months. However, before or alter Judgment given, and pending the Revision thereof, it shall not be lawful to sell the Goods in Dispute, or to unlade them, unless with the Consent of the Persons concerned, for preventing any Kind of Loss; and Laws shall be enacted on both Sides for the Execution of the present Article.

Article XXXVI.

If any Differences shall arise respecting the Legality of Prizes, so that a judicial Decision should become necessary, the Judge shall direct the Effects to be unladen, an Inventory and Appraisement to be made thereof, and Security to be required respectively from the Captor for paying the Costs, in case the Ship should not be declared lawful Prize; and from the Claimant for paying the Value of the Prize, in case it should be declared lawful; which Securities being given by both Parties, the Prize shall be delivered up to the Claimant. Rut if the Claimant should refuse to

five sufficient Security; the Judge shall direct the Vize to be delivered to the Captor, after having received from him good and sufficient Security, for paying the full Value of the said Prize, in case it should be adjudged illegal. Nor shall the Execution of the Sentence of the Judge be suspended by Reason of any Appeal, when the Party against whom such. Appeal shall be brought, whether Claimant or Captor, shall have given sufficient Security for restoring the Ship or Effects, or the Value of such Ship or Effects, to the Appellant, in case Judgment should be given in his Favour.

Article XXXIV.

It is further provided and agreed, that the Ships of either of the Two Nations, re-taken by the Privateers of the other, shall be restored to the former Owner, if they have not been in the Power of the Enemy for the Space of Four-and-twenty Hours, subject to the Payment, by the said Owner, of One Third of the Value of the Ship re-taken, and of its Cargo, Guns, and Apparel; which Third Part shall be amicably adjusted by the Parties concerned; but if not, and in case they should disagree, they shall make Application to the Officers of the Admiralty of the Place where the Privateer which re-took the captured Vessel shall have carried her.

If the Ship re-taken has been in the Power of the Enemy above Four-and-twenty Hours, she shall wholly belong to the Privateer which retook her.

In case of a Ship being retaken by any Man of War belonging to His Britannick Majesty, or to His Most

Christian Majesty, it shall be restored to the former Owner, on Payment of the Thirtieth Part of the Value of such Ship, and of its Cargo, Guns, and Apparel, if it was re-taken within the Four-and-twenty Hours, and the Tenth Part, if it was re-taken after the Four-and-twenty Hours; which Sums shall be distributed, as a Reward, amongst the Crews of the Ships which shall have re-taken such Prize. The Valuation of the Thirtieth and Tenth Parts above mentioned shall be settled conformably to the Regulations in the Beginning of this Article.

Article XXXV.

Whensoever the Ambassadors of either of their said Majesties, or other their Ministers having a public Character, and residing at the Court of the other Prince, shall complain of the Injustice of the Sentences which have been given, their Majesties shall respectively cause the same to be revised and reexamined in their Councils, unless their Councils should have already decided thereupon, that it may appear, with Certainty, whether the Directions and Provisions prescribed in this Treaty have been followed and

Article XXXVII.

In case any Ships of War or Merchantmen, forced by Storms or other Accidents, be driven on Rocks or Shelves, on the Coasts of either of the High Contracting Parties, and should there be dashed to Pieces and shipwrecked, all such Parts of the said Ships, or of the Furniture or Apparel thereof, as also of the Goods and Merchandizes, as shall be saved, or the Produce thereof, shall be faithfully restored, upon the same being claimed by the Proprietors, or their Factors, duly authorized, paying only the Expences incurred in the Preservation thereof, according to the Rate of Salvage settled on both Sides; saving at the same Time the Rights and Customs of each Nation, the Abolition or Modification of which shall however be treated upon, in the Cases where they shall be contrary to the Stipulations of the present Article; and their Majesties will mutually interpose their Authority, that such of their Subjects, as shall be so inhuman as to take Advantage of any such Misfortune, may be severely punished.

Article XXXVIII.

It shall be free for the Subjects of each Party to employ such Advocates, Attornies, Notaries, Solicitors, and Factors, as they shall think lit; to which End the said Advocates and others above mentioned shall be appointed by the ordinary Judges, if it be needful, and the Judges be thereunto required.

Article XXXIX.

And for the greater Security and Liberty of Commerce and Navigation, it is further agreed, that both the King of Great Britain, and the Most Christian King, shall not only refuse to receive any Pirates or Sea Rovers whatsoever into any of their Havens, Ports, Cities, or Towns, or permit any of their Subjects, Citizens, or Inhabitants, on either Part, to receive or protect then> in their Ports, to harbour them in their Houses, or to assist them in any Manner whatsoever; but further, they shall cause all such Pirates and Sea Rovers, and all Persons who shall receive,

conceal,

ako (\,

Of

HlC'r,.

- Ik*

ind k oi t

*fe to jj

be ku vtly b: the Si trom tic

in case r, ies ki ivered d refuse

?r bi; forpsvr dioijij, a 01 Li on ot ilia %

tor, sl ie Shifts, tO‘j ;n lo-

in. fc an fov igh C* to Ik

Skips, c o ot te I, or a.

upon U te ineurre: Kate; lie :& lion, U vever 0: contra"*

(111 Li'

itv, ifc in a< 3 nay it

5arty a

dick

UVu w ball It ill, &

‘ (fc

at k

irk*

3tO u

!v&

c Nit" ifI» r ifa ni--Piri-JCK'I JDffj-

21 Geo. Ill* 26°Janiidrin 21%

Conceal, or assist them, to be brought to condign Punish-. ment, for a Terror and Example to others. And all their Ships, with the Goods or Merchandizes taken by them, and brought into the Ports of either Kingdom, shall be seized as far as they can be discovered, and shall be restored to the Owners, or their Factors duly authorized or deputed by them in Writing, proper Evidence being first given in the Court of Admiralty, for proving the Property, even in case such Effects should have passed into other Hands by Sale, if it be proved that the Buyers knew, or might have known, that they had been piratically taken. And generally all Ships and Merchandizes, of what Nature soever, which may be taken on the High Seas, shall be brought into some Port of either Kingdom, and delivered into the Custody of the'Officers of that Port, that they may be restored entire to the true Proprietor, as soon as due and sufficient Proof shall have been made concerning the Property thereof.

Article XL,

It shall be lawful, as well for the Ships of War of their Majesties, as for Privateers belonging to their Subjects, to carry whithersoever they please the Ships and Goods taken from their Enemies, without being obliged to pay any Fee to the Officers of the Admiralty, or to any Judges whatever; nor shall the said Prizes, when they arrive at and enter the Ports of their said Majesties, be detained or seized; neither shall the Searchers, or other Officers of those Places, visit or take Cognizance of the Validity of such Prizes; but they shall be at Liberty to hoist Sail at any Time, to depart, and to carry their Prizes to the Place mentioned in the Commissions or Patents, which the Commanders of such Ships of War shall be obliged to shew: On the contrary, no Shelter or Refuge shall be given in their Ports to such as have made a Prize upon the Subjects of either of their Majesties; but if forced by Stress of Weather, or the Dangers of the Sea, to enter therein, particular Care shall be taken to hasten their Departure, and to cause them to retire from thence as soon as possible, as far as it is not repugnant to former Treaties made in this Respect with other Sovereigns or States.

Article XLI.

Neither of their said Majesties shall permit the Ships or Goods belonging to the Subjects of the other to be taken within Cannon Shot of the Coast, or in the Ports or Rivers of their Dominions, by Ships of War, or others having Commission from any Prince, Republic, or City whatsoever: But in case it should so happen, both Parties shall employ their united Force to obtain Reparation of the Damage thereby occasioned.

Article XLIL

If it be proved that the Captor made Use of any Kind of Torture upon the Master of the Ship, the Crew, or others who shall be on Board any Ship belonging to the Subjects of the other Party, in such Case not only the Ship itself, together with the Persons, Merchandizes, and Goods whatsoever, shall be forthwith released, without any Delay, and set entirely free, but also such as shall be convicted of so enormous a Crime, together with their Accomplices, shall suffer the most severe Punishment suitable to their Offences: This the King of Great Britain and the Most Christian King mutually engage shall be observed, without any Respect of Persons whatsoever.

Article XLIII.

Their Majesties shall respectively be at Liberty, for the Advantage of their Subjects trading to the Kingdoms and Dominions of either of them, to appoint therein National Consuls, who shall enjoy the Right, Immunity, and Liberty belonging to them, by Reason of their Duties and their Functions; and Places shall Vol. 42,

hereafter be agreed upon where the said Consuls shall Treaty with be established, as well as the Nature and Extent of their France, &c. Functions. The Convention relative to this Point shall be concluded immediately after the Signature of the present Treaty, of which it shall be deemed to constitute a Part.

Article XLIV.

It is also agreed, that in whatever relates to the lading and unlading of Ships, the Safety of Merchandize, Goods, and Effects, the Succession to personal Estates, as well as the Protection of Individuals and their personal Liberty, as also tire Administration of Justice, the Subjects of the Two High Contracting Parties shall enjoy in their respective Dominions the same Privileges, Liberties, and Rights, as the most favoured Nation.

Article XLV.

If hereafter it shall happen, through Inadvertency or otherwise, that any Infractions or Contraventions of the present Treaty should be committed on either Side* the Friendship and good Understanding shall not immediately thereupon be interrupted; but this Treaty shall subsist in all its Force, and proper Remedies shall be procured for removing the Inconveftiencies, as likewise for the Reparation of the Contraventions;

And if the Subjects of either Kingdom shall he found guilty thereof, they only shall be punished and severely chastised.

Article XLVI.

His Britannick Majesty and His Most Christian Majesty have reserved the Right of revising and re-examining the several Stipulations of this Treaty, after the Term of Twelve Years, to be computed from the Day of passing Laws for its Execution in Great Britain and Ireland, respectively, to propose and make such Alterations as the Times and Circumstances may have rendered proper or necessary for the Commercial Interests of their respective Subjects; and this Revision is to be completed in the Space of Twelve Months; after which Term the present Treaty shall be of no Effect, but in that Event, the good Harmony and friendly Correspondence between the Two Nations shall not suffer the least Diminution.

Article XLVII.

The present Treaty shall be ratified and confirmed by His Britannick Majesty and by His Most Christian Majesty, in Two Months, or sooner, if it can be done, after the Exchange of Signatures between the Plenipotentiaries.

In Witness whereof, We the undersigned Commissaries and Plenipotentiaries of the King of Great Britain and the Most Christian King have signed the present Treaty with our Hands, and have set thereto the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Versailles, the Twenty-sixth of September*

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

JVm Eden. (L. S.) Geard de Rayneval. (L. S.)

FORM of the Passports and Sea-Letters which are to be granted by the respective Admiralties of the Dominions of the Two High Contracting Parties, to the Ships and Vessels sailing from thence, pursuant to the 24th Article of the present Treaty.

N. N.To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting. Be it known that we have granted Licence and Permission to N. of the City (or Place) of N. Master or Commander of the Ship N. belonging to N. of the Port of N. Burthen Tons or thereabouts,

now lying in the Port or Haven of N. to sail to N. laden with N.the said Ship having been examined

4 A " before

74 $6° Januariu 1787.

before heir Departure, in the usual Manner, by the Officers of the Place appointed for that Purpose. And the said N. or such other Person as shall happen to succeed him, shall produce this Licence in every Pork or Haven which he may enter with his Ship, to the Officers of the Place, and shall give a true Account to, them of what shall have passed or happened during his Voyage; and he shall carry the Colours, Arms, and Ensigns of N. during his Voyage.

In Witness whereof, we have signed these Presents, and set the Seal of our Arms thereto, and caused the same to be countersigned by N. at Day of

in the Year, i^c*. $(?.

TRANSLATION of the Convention between His Majesty and the King of Spain. Signed at London, 14th July 1786.

The Kings of England and of , animated with the same Desire of consolidating, by every Means in their Power, the Friendship so happily subsisting between them and their Kingdoms, and wishing, with one Accord, to prevent even the Shadow of Misunderstanding which might be occasioned by Doubts, Misconceptions, or other Causes of Disputes between the Subjects on the Frontiers of the Two Monarchies, especially in distant Countries* as are those in Americat have thought proper to settle, with all possible good Faith, by a new Convention, the Points which might one Day or other be productive of such Inconveniencies, as the Experience of former Times has very often shewn. To this End, the King of Great Britain has named the most Noble and most Excellent Lord Francis, Baron Osborne of Kiveton, Marquis of Carmarthen, His Britannick Majesty’s Privy Councillor, and Principal Secretary of State for the Department erf Foreign Affairs, &c. fyc. #c. and the King has likewise authorized Don Bernardo del Campo, Knight of the Noble Order of Charles the Third, Se-cretaiy of the same Order, Secretary of the Supreme Council of State, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Great Britain: Who having communicated to each other their respective Full Powers, prepared in due Form, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article I.

His Britannick Majesty’s Subjects, and the other Colonists who have hitherto enjoyed the Protection of England, shall evacuate the Country of the Mosquitos, as well as the Continent in general, and the Islands adjacent, without Exception, situated beyond the Line herein after described, as what ought to be the Frontier of the Extent of Territory granted by his Catholick Majesty to the English, for the Uses specified in the 3d Article of the present Convention, and in Addition to the Country already granted to them in virtue of the Stipulations agreed upon by the Commissaries of the Two Crowns in 1783.

Article II.

The Catholick King, to prove, on his Side, to the King of Great Britain, the Sincerity of his Sentiments of Friendship towards His said Majesty, and the British Nation, will grant to the English more extensive Limits than those specified in the last Treaty of Peace: And the stud Limits of the Lands added by the present Convention shall for the future be understood in the Manner following:

The English Line, beginning from the Sea, shall take the Center of the River Sibun or Jabon, and continue up to the Source of the said River; from thence it shall cross in a strait Line the intermediate Land, till it intersects the River Wallis; and by the Center of the same River, the said Line shall descend to the Point where it will meet the Line already settled and marked out by tire Commissaries of the Two Crowns in 1783: Which Limits, following the Continuation of the said Line,

shall be observed as formerly stipulated by the Definitive Treaty.

Article III.

Although no other Advantages have hitherto been in Question, except that of cutting Wood for Dying, yet his Catholick Majesty, as a greater Proof of his Disposition to oblige the King of Great Britain, will grant to the English the Liberty of cutting all other Wood, without even excepting Mahogany, as well as gathering all the Fruits, or Produce of the Earth, purely natural and uncultivated, which may besides, being carried away in their natural State, become an Object of Utility or of Commerce, whether for Food or for Manufactures: But it is expressly agreed* that this Stipulation is never to be used as a Pretext for establishing in that Country any Plantation of Sugar, Coffee, Cacao, br other like Articles, or any Fabrick or Manufacture, by Means of Mills or other Machines whatsoever (this Restriction however does not regard the Use of Saw Mills, for cutting or otherwise preparing the Wood); since all the Lands in Question being indisputably acknowledged to belong of Right to the Crown of Spain, no Settlements of that Kind, Or the Population which would follow', could be allowed.

The English shall be permitted to transport and convey all such Wood, and other Produce of the Place, m its natural and uncultivated State, down the Rivers to the Sea, but without ever going beyond the Limits which are prescribed to them by the Stipulations above granted, and without thereby taking an Opportunity of ascending the said Rivers beyond their Rounds* into the Countries belonging to Spain.

Article IV.

The English shall be permitted to occupy the small Island known by the Names of Casino, St. Georgia Key, or Cayo Casina, in Consideration of the Circumstance of that Part of the Coasts opposite to the said Island being looked upon as subject to dangerous Disorders; but this Permission is only to be made Use of for Purposes of real Utility: And as great Abuses, no less contrary to the Intentions of the British Government, than to the essential Interests of , might arise from this Permission, it is here stipulated, as an indispensable Condition, that no Fortification, or Work of Defence whatever, shall at any Time be erected there, nor any Body of Troops posted nor any Piece of Artillery kept there; and in order to verify with good Faith the Accomplishment of this Condition sine qud non (which might be infringed by Individuals, without the Knowledge of the British Government) a Spanish Officer or Commissary, accompanied by an English Commissary or Officer, duly authorized, shall be admitted, Twice a Year, to examine into the real Situation of Things.

Article V.

The English Nation shall enjoy the Liberty of refitting their Merchant Ships in the Southern Triangle included between the Point of Cayo Casina and the Cluster of small Islands which are situated opposite that Part of the Coast occupied by the Cutters, at the Distance of Eight Leagues from the River Wallis, Seven from Cayo Casina, ana Three from the River; a Place which has always been found well adapted to that Purpose. For which End, the Edifices and Storehouses absolutely necessary for that Service shall be allowed to be built; but in this Concession is also included the express Condition of not erecting Fortifications there at any Time, or stationing Troops, or constructing any Military Works; and in like Manner it shall not be permitted to station any Ships of War there, or to construct an Arsenal, or other Building, the Object of which might be the Formation of a Naval Establishment.

Article

47 Geo. III.

4 6" Januarii.

2 75

..... yr Country, to endeavour to obstruct the entire E vacua- Treaty with

T . , . j ,r 1C f, ti i r . , tion already agreed upon. His Majesty, so France, &c.

It is also stipulated, that the F.nghsh may freely and , r , U flj~ Succour, or even

peaceably catch Fish on the Coast of the Country assigned to them by the last Treaty of Peace, as also of that which is added to them by the present Convention; but without going beyond their Boundaries, and confining themselves within the Distance specified in the preceding Article.

Article VII.

All the Restrictions specified in the last Treaty of 1783, for the entire Preservation of the Right of the Spanish Sovereignty over the Country, in which is granted to the English only the Privilege of making Use of the Wood of the different Kinds, the Fruits and other Produce, in their natural State, are here confirmed; and the same Restrictions shall also be observed with respect to the new Grant. In consequence, the Inhabitants of those Countries shall employ themselves simply in the cutting and transporting of the said Wood, and in the gathering and ""W

transporting of the Fraits, without meditating any of «>= K"!S °C

far from affording them the least Succour, or even Protection, will disavow them in the most solemn Manner, as He will equally do those who may hereafter attempt to settle upon the Territory belonging to the Spanish Dominion.

Article XIL

The Evacuation agreed upon shall be compleatly effected within the Space of Six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Convention, or 6ooner, if it can be done.

Article XIII.

It is agreed that the new Grants described in the preceding Articles, in Favour of the English Nation, are to take Place as soon as the aforesaid Evacuation shall be entirely accomplished.

Article XIV.

His Catholick Majesty, prompted solely by Motives

more extensive Settlements, or the Formation of any wll not exerme any Act of Seventy against the

System of Government, either Military or Civil, fur- 5?^ ’ inhabmng in Part.tee Countnea which are

ther than such Regulations as their Brilanmckand <° evacuated, by virtue of the present Convention

Catholick Majesties °may hereafter judge proper to on Ac^unt of ^e Connections which may have sub-'

establish for maintaining Peace and aacxi Order anmnsst S, Sted between the said and the English: And

6 Orderamongst Hi Brtomkk Majesty, on His Part, will strictly pro-

Catholick Majesties may hereafter judge proper to

their respective Subjects.

Article VIII.

As it is generally allowed that the Woods and Forests are preserved, and even multiply, by regular and methodical Cuttings, the English shall observe this Maxim, as far as possible; but if, notwithstanding all their Precautions, it should happen in Course of Time that they were in Want of Dying Wood, or Mahogany, with which the Spanish Possessions might be provided, the Spanish Government shall make no Difficulty to furnish a Supply to the , at a fair

and reasonable Price.

Article IX.

Every possible Precaution shall be observed to prevent Smuggling; and the English shall take Care to

prn; gxivt rs4

«wn Snhwu in »11 C.nmm, mirations which they mav Majesties, and the Ratifica-

tions exchanged, within the Space of Six Weeks, or

hibit all His Subjects from furnishing Arms, or Warlike Stores, to the Indians in general, situated upon the Frontiers of the Spanish Possessions.

Article XV.

The Two Courts shall mutually transmit to each other Duplicates of the Orders, which they are to dist patch to their respective Governors and Commanders in America, for the Accomplishment of the present Convention; and a Frigate, or proper Ship of War, shall be appointed, on each Side, to observe in Conjunction that all Things are performed in the best Order possible, and with that Cordiality and good Faith of which the Two Sovereigns have been pleased to set die Example.

Article XVI.

own Subjects, in all Communications which they may have with the latter; on Condition nevertheless that the English shall be left in the peaceable Enjoyment of the several Advantages inserted in their Favour in the last Treaty, or stipulated by the present Convention.

Article X.

The Spanish Governors shall be ordered to give to the said English dispersed all possible Facilities for their Removal to the Settlements agreed upon by the present Convention, according to the Stipulations of the 6th Article of the Definitive Treaty of 17 S3, with respect to the Country allotted for their Use by the said Article.

sooner, if it can be done.

In Witness whereof, We the undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiary of their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, in virtue of our respective Full Powers, have signed the present Convention, and have affixed thereto the Seals of our Arms.

Done at London, this Fourteenth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Carmarthen. (L. S.) Le del Campo. (L. S.)

At the Time of exchanging our Sovereigns Ratifications of the Convention signed the 14th of July last. We the undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiaiy have

Article XI

Their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, in order agreed, that the Visit of the English and Spanish Com-to remove every Kind of Doubt with regard to the missaries, mentioned in the 4th Article of the said true Construction of the present Convention, think it Convention, with respect to the Island of Cayo Coma, necessary to declare that the Conditions of the said is to extend in like Manner to all the other Places, Convention ought to be observed according to their whether in the Islands,* or on the Continent, where sincere Intention to ensure and improve the Harmony the English Cutters shall be situated. In Witness and good Understanding, which so happily subsist at whereof, we have signed this Declaration, and affixed present between their said Majesties.

In this View, His Britannick Majesty engages to give the most positive Orders for the Evacuation of the Countries above-mentioned, by all His Subjects of whatever Denomination: But if, contrary to such Declaration, there should still remain any Persons so daring, as to presume, by retiring into the interior Vo 1,. 42.

thereto the Seals of our Arms.

London, this 1st of September, 1786.

Carmarthen, (L. S.) Le Marquis del Campo, (L. S.)

Ordered,

Committed on Charge against Mr, Hastings.

Norwich Election — Petition of Sir Thomas Beevor.

76 <26 Januarii. 1787.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upoff the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Nathaniel , Esquire, do>

upon Thursday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Several Petitions, complaining of undiie Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the same were delivered in at the Table; and the Names of the Places to which such Petitions related were drawn in the usual Manner by the Clerk; and read in the following Order; viz.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Beevor, Baronet was read; Setting forth, That, at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, in the room of Sir Harbord Harbord, Baronet, created a Peer of Great Britain, the Petitioner, and the Honourable Henry Hobart,.and Robert John Bu Esquire, were Can-

dictates; and that, after the said Vacancy happened, and previous to and during the Time of the said Election, the said Henry Hobart, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, was guilty of many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, by giving divers large Sums of Money to the Electors of the said City and County, and by corruptly promising to the said Electors, or some of them, large Presents, Gifts, Advantages, and Rewards* in order to procure him,- the 9aid Henry Hobart, to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City and County; and that the said Henry Hobart, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, did, after the said Vacancy happened as aforesaid, and before and during the said Election, give, present, and allow to divers Persons having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Rewards, Advantages, and Entertainments to and for several Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to and for the Use, Advantage, Benefit, Profit, -and Preferment of such Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure him, the said Henry Hobart, to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City and County; and that the said Henry Hobart, and his Agents, likewise caused or procured many Riots and Tumults at the said Election, which prevented the Freedom thereof, interrupted the regular Progress of the Poll, and endangered the Peace of the said City and County; and, the 9aid Henry Hobart, and his Agents, did also confine and imprison, or cause to be confined and imprisoned, several Persons having a Right to vote at the said Election, and did thereby prevent such Persons from exercising their Rights and Franchises at the said Election; and that, by these and other corrupt and illegal Practices, before and during the said Election, and by other undue Influence, a great Number of Persons were induced to vote for the said Henry Hobart at the said Election, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner, and others were prevented from voting for the Petitioner; and that, at the said Election, the Sheriffs and Returning Officers of the said City and County admitted a great many Persons to vote for the said Henry Hobart who had no Right, and ought not to have been admitted to vote, and rejected the Votes of divers Electors who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and who had a Right to vote at the said

Election, and, by such and other illegal Means, created a colourable Majority on the Poll in Favour of the said Henry Hobart over the Petitioner, and returned the said Henry Hobart as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, although the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, and of the legal Electors for the said City and County: And therefore praying, That the said Henry Hobart may be declared not duly elected, and that His Nartie may be. erased from the said Return, and that the Petitioner may be declared duly elected, and his Name inserted in the said Return, and that the Petitioner may have such other Relief as the Nature of his Ca$e may require, and the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 13th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Norwich thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Nor- Election-wich, and County of the same City, on Behalf of j*'tlI10"ul themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same L ectoa City and County, was also read; Setting forth, That, at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the same City of Norwich, and County of the same City, in the room of Sir Harbord Harbord, Baronet, created a Peer of Great Britain, Sir Thomas Beevor, Baronet, the Honourable Henry Hobart, and Robert John Buxton, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, after the Vacancy happened, and previous to and during the Time of the said Election, the said Henry Hobart, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, was guilty of many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, by giving divers lurge Sums 01 Money to divers of the Electors of the said City and County, and by corruptly promising to others large Presents, Gifts, Advantages* and Rewards, in order to procure him, the said Henry Hobart, to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City and County; and that the said Hobart, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, did, after the said Vacancy happened as aforesaid, and before and during the said Election, give, present, and allow to divers Persons having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts* Rewards, and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligation, and Engagements to give er allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Rewards, Advantages, and Entertainments, to and for several Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to and for the Use, Advantage, Benefit, Profit, and Preferment of such. Persons, so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure him, the said Henry Hobart, to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City and County; and that the said Henry Hobart, and his Agents, likewise caused or procured many Riots and Tumults at the said Election, which prevented the Freedom thereof, interrupted the regular Progress of the Poll, and endangered the Peace of the said City and County; and, the said Henry Hobart, and his Agents, did also confine and imprison, or, cause to be confined and imprisoned, several Persons having a Right to vote ut the said Election, and did thereby prevent such Persons from exercising their Rights and Franchises at the said Election; and that, by these and other corrupt and illegal Practices, before and during the said Election, and by other undue Influence, a great Number of Persons were induced to vote for the said Henry Hobart at the said Election, who would otherwise have voted for the’ said Sir 'Thomas Beevor, and others were prevented from voting for the said Sir Thomas Beevor; and that,

at

l*:o

rfifisc

h"rt

ft

tei?

feliOfr

feitou

tainn

1

8?'

rea'.,: Ii it

Ufifll

Vi-

«fe-

dit

Pe.

Ok 5 hi] <1 ajj l'-tur»,

I'.'Ctfj

d tit e\.

1 Co>

W? If

‘ .\*L

:Wie;

stiie‘

M

Ii.nna;

ot ils

rth

Tkrs; rt, si is; in Oils S

U st' 4 c 3a jt: dr.s doR i iy p ante-the a rliams d Ihi ad )£ as ate-n, jp, ’oice if nk. £s-s, Gis romka to pi test to sd :ight c lie I s of sea in tie

Hq

fort*

j/ fa rote* has

s rfljjlr

f(£> liar; imp seteril keffl* steit n:

icK6 . $

"5

or

(flitsi

tit!*

si

27 Geo. III. 26" — 29® Januarii.

277

at the said Election, the Sheriffs and Returning Officers of the said City and County admitted a great many Persons to vote for the said Henry Hobart at the said Election who had no Right, and ought not to have been admitted to vote, and rejected die Votes of divers Electors who had tendered their Votes for the said Sir Thomas Beeoor, and who had a Right to vote at the said Election, and, by such and other illegal Means, created a colourable Majority on the Poll in Favour of the said Henry Hobart over the said Sir Thomas Beevor, and returned the said Henry Hobart as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, although the said Sir Thomas Beevor had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and of the other Electors of the said City and County, in whose Behalf the Petitioners also present this Petition: And therefore praying. That the said Henry Hobart may be declared not duly elected, and that his Name may be erased from the said Return, and that the said Sir Thomas Beevor may be declared duly elected, and his Name inserted in the said Return, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief as the Nature of their Case may require, and the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Carlisle A Petition of Rowland Stephenson, Esquire, was

Election-- reac|. Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Mr! Stephen- Citizen serve in Parliament for the City of Carlisle, too. in the County of Edward Knubley,

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, at the Poll taken upon the said Election, before Sir Joseph Senhouse, Knight, Mayor of the said City, the Returning Officer, a great Majority of legal Electors voted in Favour of the Petitioner, and many other legal Electors appeared, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and that the said Returning Officer, upon the taking of the said Poll, rejected many legal Votes which were duly tendered in Favour of the Petitioner, and received so many illegal Votes for the said Edward Knubley as to leave a Majority upon the Face of the Poll in his Favour, under Colour whereof he was returned, although the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 15th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Carlisle A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Election — thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of Petition of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland,

E"ctor,‘ and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens

to serve in Parliament for the said City, was also read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that the Persons entitled to vote for Members or Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City of Carlisle, are the Freemen of the said City, who are admitted Brothers of one of the Eight Guilds or Fraternities belonging to the said City, and derive their Right to the Freedom of the said City by Birth or Servitude, and that the Number of such Freemen, at any one Period of Time, never exceeded 750; and that Persons not so entitled and admitted as aforesaid have no Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that between the Months of September 1784 and February 1785, in the V 0 l. 42.

Mayoralty of Jeremiah JVherlings, lie was induced to admit to the Freedom of the said City upwards of 1,400 Persons of various Descriptions, most of whom were entirely unconnected with, and unknown in, the City of Carlisle, and not entitled to the Freedom of the said City by Birth or Servitude, nor admilted Brothers of any of the said Guilds or Fraternities; and that at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City, Edward Knubley and Rendand Stephenson, Esquires, were Candidates; and that, at the said Election, upwards of 400 Freemen entitled to their Franchises by Birth or Servitude, and admitted Brothers of the said Guilds, polled for Rowland Stephenson, and not more than 147 for Edicard Knubley; but that upwards of 400 of such Persons before described, and so admitted to the Freedom of the said City by the said Jeremiah JVherlings as aforesaid, and not entitled to their Freedom by Birth or Servitude, nor admitted of any of the said Guilds or Fraternities, were permitted to poll for the said Edward Knubley, who was thereupon returned, to the great Injury of the Petitioners; and that the said Rowland Stephenson ought to have been returned a Member for the said City: And therefore praying for Redress on this Occasion, and that the House will adopt such Measures as may hereafter secure to the Petitioners their undoubted Rights.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and uth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the CornRegu-Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, la, ion Act intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and " Grain within several Ports and Places therein menhoned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 29* die Januarii; Anno 27® Georgii III,a Regis, 1787.

Pratehs.

D ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising H°use ik of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday ®v^eTd»y. Morning next.

Sir Joseph Maxobey presented to the House, accord-' ' u ing to Oixler, a Bill for naturalizing George JV - B®[, p*e.

4 B 8ent«l.

Debtors Petitions*

Essex, &e. Roads Petition.

Goring

Inclosure

Petition*

278

290 Januariu

A\ 1787.

'harth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners of the Sheriff’s Ward, or Prison, at Bodmin, in the County of And also,

A Petition of the Debtors in Maidstone Gaol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution several Acts, made, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the Counties of Essex and Hertfoi'd, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to die Directions of the said Acts; and that the Monies so borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament; and, it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and the Terms and Powers contained therein enlarged, and reduced into One Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Edmund

A fleck, &c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Nichollsand Francis Burton, Esquires, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others interested in the OpeD Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Commons, Linchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, intermixed with or adjoining to the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to be very inconvenient to the Occupiers, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties according to their Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pye, the Lord Wenman, and Lord Charles Spencer,

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Tiwporu-Ilouse, by His Majesty’s Command, tionmCW

N° 1. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Coun- V1CU‘ cil, dated 6th December 1786, with the Copy of an Order of Baron Eyre and Baron Hotham, for changing the Destination of Convicts who had been sentenced to be transported to Africa and AmericaAnd also,

N° 2. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated 6th December 1786, fixing the Destination of Convicts sentenced to be transported to Parts beyond the Seas: And' also,

N° 3. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated 22d December 1786, with the Copy of an Order of Baron Eyre and Baron Hotham, for changing the Destination of Convicts who had been- sentenced to be transported to Africa and America: And also,

N° 4. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated 22d December 1786, fixing the Destination of Convicts sentenced to be transported to Parts beyond the Seas.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Court of enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, w^J,ejSou" and the Parts adjacent: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report M Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred the Moum to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last, for a Supply. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicaite, That this House doth agree with tl»e Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Committ# Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of Supply whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His api"»mt«d. Majesty.

M

<9

Estimates, &c. ordered.

Ordinary of Navy.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1787, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines, as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what £xtra Xavy. may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1787, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1787, Garrisons, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office Ordnanrr. of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1787, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines, as were reduced E before

Reduced

Officers.

97 Geo. III.

e\

k

oi

ad

29" — 31" Janttarii,

279

Ckclsea Out Peouuoecs.

Services not provided for,

Surpluses.

before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1787, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1787, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ended at the 5th Day of April 1786, and the 10th Day of October 1786, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The General Fuhd.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies, given for the Service of the Year 178b, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Naty Debt. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1786.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to JJis Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, List, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council,

of January 1777 and the 1st of January. 1787, distinguishing the Quantity in each Year.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned! till Morn-

ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Wr

the

k

til Deposition

gj of Grants.

Jnd

ble,

ther

Committee to inspect Returns rein* tive to the Poor.

II for-linal ti!a,;

teral'

1 tht 1,

erred:, last r' ution 'rt to tards

MISS

ittee,

doth

[hat

yfa t-tht

liiiv

the <

Waters (iv be V

halt

uid

ind

to-

ear

his

&.v *'

ice C > be

Woollen Goods ex-H'' p.irted 10

Ol’^ Portugal-

ed

ft

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament; intituled, "An Act for " obliging Overseers of the Poor to make Returns,

" upon Oath, to certain Questions, specified therein,

" relative to the State of the Poor," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Tlje House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Scssiou of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Chari-41 table Donations for the Benefit of poor Person^,

44 in the several Paris Ires and places within that Part " of Great Britain called Enmight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect and consider the Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor, relative to the State of the Poor, and also by the Ministers and Churchwardens, relative- to Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons, in pursuance of the said Acts, and to report, from Time to Time, their Observations thereupon to the House, and how far the Directions of the said Acts have or have not been complied with.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Thornton, Sir William Do HR*. Page, Sir Charles

Gould, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Sir James Tylney

Long, Captain Macbride, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. North, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Scott, Mr. Steele, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Penruddoche, Mr. Pyc, Mr. Penney, Mr. Young, the Ix>rd Beauchamp, Mr. Rose, Mr. Dempster, the Ix>rd W, Mr. Mr.

Townsend, Mr. Grosvqnor, Mr. Hussey, Sir Hci'bert

Mackworih, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Howard,

Mr. Bramston, Sir Robert Sir White

Ridley, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Yorkc. and all the Knights

for Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe, in the House: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and tlte Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Woollen Goods exported from the Port of London to between the 1st

Vol.42.

Mercurii, 31° die januarii;

Anno 27* Georgii III*a Regis, 1787-

pRAYJERS.

(JpGEORGE Wackei'barth took the Oaths appointed tVackerbarth in order to his Naturalization. sworn.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given Chaplain to the Reverend Philip Williams, Chaplain to this thanked. House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House at Saint Margaret's.

The Earl of Courtowh reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Alonday last (that His Majesty would Address, be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, List, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions Accordingly.

The House being informed that Some of die Com- Accounts missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited fydia Goods Prohibited imported into Saint Helen's, and Private Trade Ware- East India houses, in the Port of London, f/om Michaelmas 1785 Goods*-to Micfiaelmas 1.78b; what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 178b: And also,

N* 2.. A*1 Account of prohibited East India Goods imported iipto Leadenhitll Warehpugc, in the Port of London, from Michaelmasto Michaelmas 178b;

also, what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at 1786:

And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East Intlia Goods remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1785; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1786: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East Tnduf Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports at Michaelmas 1785; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1786: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadcnhall, BUlitcr Lane, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1785, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed;

what have been returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1786: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported Naval

from Rjissia into the Port of London, from Stores from

1785 to Michaelmas 1786: And also, tt3Sla‘

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1785 to Michaelmas 1786: And also,

N° 8. Ah Account of the Number of Ships Whale Ships.

which

Cracoe Inclosure Petition.

Fleet

Debtors Petition.

Committee on Corn Regulation Act.

j

Reports of Losses of American Loyalists, ordered.

a8o

310 Januariu — 1° Februarii,

A\ 1787.

which have been employed in the "Whale Fishery to Davis's Straights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1786.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of William Rookcs, John Batty, and Roger Pickering, Esquires, Thomas Cockson, Benjamin Shires, John Hitching, and Christopher Thomas, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Cracoe, in the County of York, Three Open and Uninclosed Fields, called High Field, Middle Field, and Lmo Field, containing together about 77 Acres, and also Two undivided Stinted Pastures, called The Green and Sxcinden, containing together about ,595 Acres; and that the Petitioners, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the said. Open Fields, and also Owners of the Cattlegates and Sheepgates on the said Stinted Pastures; and that tire Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors in the said Open Fields and Stinted Pastures lie dispersed and intermixed, and are not in their present Situation capar ble of Improvement, but it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Parties concerned, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in The Fleet, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within " several Ports and Places therein mentioned."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edmund Affleck took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edmund Affleck reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, made up to the 25th of December 1786.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Commute* Committee who are appointed to inspect and consider on R.et"rns the Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor, re- [jje p^" lative to the State of the Poor, and also by the Ministers and Churchwardens, relative io Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, and to report, from Time to Time, their Observations thereupon to the House, and how far the Directions of the said Acts have or have not been complied with.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants Swansea of the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County Ravint of Glamorgan, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest t,on* of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough and Town, and the Liberties thereof, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various In* croachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, and other public Passages and Places, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like in future: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other public Passages and Places within the said Borough and Town, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wat kin Lewes, Sir Francis Basset, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 1* die Februarii;

Anno 27* Georgii III" Regis, 1787,

Praters.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, Estimate* pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, presented.

Estimate of the Charge of Guarrds, Garisons, and Guar* and, other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Garrison*. Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both inclusive, being 365 Days:

And also.

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces Forces 19 tie in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Plantation*.

Gibraltar,

27 Geo. III.

Februariu

281

CfN. fir ;>.

4s

IN

ir*

sir

ar

en

Us S,

ity

est

rn,

tli,

iQ(t

the

In.

)y.

tv,

if

ind

2

oy.

for

n&

iter

.tal

.hia

?ot,

3b-

uch

use

the xa-i it

CIS

n-

n-

id

General Officers, (Sec.

Troops in East India.

Allowances to the Paymaster Ge-oe:al,&c.

Gibraltar, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1787.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1787: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies, and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1787: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Reduced or Reduced Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for Officers, the Year 1787: And also,

Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of British and the British and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments Msb Eata-and Four Companies of Foot, serving in North - bllslunent" rica, the West Indies, and the Isle of Man, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth;

t. 5*r

tide*

£p

p

p

Yol. 42.

4 C

ESTIMATE

10

oo

iO

ESTIMATE of die Charge of Guards, Garmons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25 th December 1786 to 24th December 1787?

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

O

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

(D

o

o

00

FT

1

L

CORPS.

Numbers.

Pay of Commissioned. Noa-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

First Troop of Horse Guards -Second 1)°

Horse. / First Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards

Second D° -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon G uards

Second D* ---- .

Third D°....

Dra- / Earl of Pembroke’s Dragoons -goons. Lieutenant General Johnstone's -

Lord Southampton’s -

General Carpenter’s ----.

C Lieutenant General Johnstone’s -

f Sir Henry Clinton’s Lijjit J Lieutenant General Pitt’s -Dra- \ General Gage’s goons. Sir George Augustus Eliott’s -

I Major General Harcourt’s -

For Clothing for 156 Effectives, heretofore allowed for Contingents on the above Corps, for

1/86.....J

Foot F"st Regiment °C Foot Guards -r;n, JColdstream Regiment of D# -

[Third Regiment of D°

Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissd Officers and Private Men.

Agency.

181 _ m m - m 17,605 3 4

181 - - - - " 17,605 3 4

177 - - mm - - - 10,870 18 4

176 - - io,743 3 4

319 - - - 26,054 18 4

034

336 - - 15,291 15 3 1,712 5 — 339 — 4} 558 — — 17,90» — 7r

225 - - 10,486 15 2i 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 37'2 — — 12,235 IO 8 i

225 - 10,486 15 2\ 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,23.5 10 H

225 - 10,486 15 2 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,235 10 8f

22.5 - - 10,486 15 2\ 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,235 10

226 - 10,523 5 2\ 1,154 10 H 228 19 9i 372 — — 12,278 1.5 1

22,5 - - 10,486 15 2 k 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,235 10 H

225 10,486 15 2 i 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 37 2 — — 12,235 10 8 i

22.5 . 10,486 15 2\ 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,235 10 H

22,5 - - 10,486 15 2i 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,235 10 Si

22,5 - - 10,486 15 2\ 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,235 10 Si

225 - - 10,486 15 2\ 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,235 10 Si

22.5 - - 10,486 15 2i 1,148 3 4 228 12 2 372 — — 12,235 10 si

3: >037

- - - - 794 1 3 if 36 19 - - - m -

1,649 46,1.53 2 ___

1,0.58 29,931 17 10

1,058 - - - 29,986 12 IO

Annual Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Riding Masters.

TOTAL.

82,879 6 8

164,770 13 831 12

<V*

St*

106,071 12 8

00

<1

J 41/5 j - - j 7-xn

11! I

o

to

Foot.

C Lieutenant General Prescott’s General Armstrong’s -Major General Picton’s Lieutenant General Morrison’s Major General O’Hara’s Major General Grenville’s -Earl Cornwallis’s Lieutenant General Fletcher’s Sir Robert Pigott’s -Sir Robert Boyd’s Sir George Osborn’s -General Cary’s

Lieutenant General Rainsford’s Lieutenant General Grant’s Lieutenant General Walsh’s Major General Leslie’s Lieutenant General Pomeroy’s ^.Earl of Suffolk’s

Inva- f Major General M'Nab’s Regiment lids. \ Thirty-six Independent Companies of Invalids

Garrisons with Fire and Candle -For Recruiting His Majesty’s Forces for the Year 1787, upon Account -Contingencies, upon Account -

Total

415 -

415 -

415 -

415 -

415 -

41.5 -

415 -

41.5 -

415 -

415 -

415 -

415 -

415 -

41.5 -

415 -

415 -

415 -

415 7,470

410 -

1,620 2,030

- 302

- -

- -

- 17,638

War Office,

1st February 1787.

Geo. Yonge.

co

7.331 14 10 1,134 1 7 150 1 8 446 — — 9,061 18 1

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — 1 — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

161,350 19 —

7,688 5 4 588 11 3 224 2 11 720 — — 9,220 19 6

27,077 8 9 2,299 10 — . 866 17 — 2,880 — — 33,123 15 9

42,344 15 3

— a - 782 2 2f - - 55 — — 29,600 19 6 30,438 1 8

- 40,000 —

- 20,000 —

306,158 12 7 40,374 l6 10} 6,896 12 9i 16,705 — — - £ 648,687 1 — i

to

-4

1

to

OO

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

O"

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both inclusive,

being 365 Days.

Lieut. General Hall’s Regiment of Foot.....-

Lieut. General Cunynghame’s - -

General Graeme’s ——

Lieut. General Tryon’s -

Major General Roy’s -

Lieut General Clarke’s -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's ——

Sir John Dalling’s -

Lord John Murray’s _--- ——

Lieut. General F.lphinstone’s -

Lieut General Frederick’s ——

Major General Campbell’s ——

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - -

GARRISONS; Viz.

Quebec, Montreal, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. John’s in Newfoundland, Placentia in Ditto, and St. John’s Island -Jamaica, Barbadoes, Grenada, St. Vincent's, and Dominica -Officers serving with the Forces in North America -

Officers of Hospitals serving in North America and The West Indies - .

A T

Lord Adam Gordon’s Regiment, 2d Battalion -Lieut. General Jones’s Regiment ... Major General Smith’s -

Sir John Sebright’s -

Lord George Lennox’s -

Earl of Boss’s -

Sir Thomas Wilson’s -

Sir David Lindsay’s 1

General Lambton’s -

R.

Numbers.

Pay of Commissioned. Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

415

415

415

415

415

415

4L5

415

415

415

415

4f5

83

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c\ Contingencies upon Account -

cr.

m

Total

4L5

415

415

4L5

415

415

4L5

4Lr)

415

5,8n

3,735

7.228 18

7.228 18

7.228 18

7.228 18

7.228 18

7.228 18

7.228 18

7.228

7.228

7.228

7.228

7.228

14,697

18

18

18

18

18

14

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

2

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men.

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134 2,268

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

3

6,989 —

7.228 18

7.228

7.228

7.228

7.228

7.228

7.228

7.228

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

8

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

9,546

War Office,

1st February 1787.

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

Agency.

149

149

149

149

149

149

149

149

149

149

149

149

300

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

9

Allowances to Captains, to Paymasters, and Surgeons.

166,265 6 6 26,083 16 4

147

149

149

149

149

149

149

149

149

10

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

3,430 18 7

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

892

OO

TOTAL.

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958 18,158

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

446

10,258-----

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

6

8,716

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

125,656 9 8

6,194 6 2

2,541 5 3

7,831 4 9

3,969 7 6

80,381 11

3,554 13 4,500 —

i>

4

234,628 18 5

Geo. Yonge.

Tm I 7% r a r.’

Februarii. 1787.

i<iu,a«'»5 t; 6 'aO.oS.l »« 4 I .-I.43U 1» 7

i o,i2 5 8

-I

>6- I - 5

xx*»*v >iv.

E S TI M ATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great , for the Year 1787*

<5

o

}° >

General and General Staff Officers, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both inclusive, being 365 Days -War Office,

' 1st February 1787. Geo. Yonge.

Charge.

£6,409 8 —

to

o

W

o

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1787.

O

(Q

N

CD

CL

CT

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing for Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasr", Surgeons, and Riding Masters. TOTAL.

f Sir William Howes Regiment of Light Dragoons^ Light Dragoons -j from 23th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, > [ being 365 Days - - - -J /'Major General St. John's Regiment of Foot -I General Trapaud’s ----- Foot - - - / Lord M'Leod’s ----- 1 Major General Murray’s ---- I Major General Medows’s ---- 1,222 1,220- l»297 1,296 918 407 5,953 10,342 8 8f 16,845 18 11 16,809 8 n 17,802 11 2 j 17,425 11 71 12,770 15 9 2,251 10 11} 3,318 7 4 3,303 9 2» 3.504 3 3 3.504 2 3 2,507 3 4 227 12 4J 282 — 3 281 11 if 292 3 — 288 16 1 239 12 11 427 16 — 843 5 — 843 5 — 801 10 — 861 10 — 761 2 6 13,249* 8 — 21,289 11 6 21,237 14 3 22,460 6 5 f 22,079 19 11 r 16,278 14 6

6,360 91,996 15 if 18,388 15 34 *1,611 15 8} 4,598 8 6 £116,595 14 8

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in the Year 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants trading to the East , &ca.*’ the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent or to be sent to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in The East Indies only; and as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of ►1 the Recruiting Companies in G real Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose, the Sum of £ 8,230. 18. 7 4, which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the 'dt above Estimate.

% War Office,

frj 1st February 1787. . Geo. Yonge.

hi

OO

Ol

28 6

i° Februarii.

A. 1787

£ ST I M AT E of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account ior Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1787.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c\ Fees at the Exchequer ... Secretary at War, Deputy, Clerks, &c*. Commissary General of the Musters, D° Judge Advocate General -Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army

17,712 10 —

12,000-----

9.977 3 5

3,197 16 11

2,289 5 9 4,470-----

Total for Officers Poundage to be returned to the Infantry upon Account

49,646 16 1

9,606 16 —

Total - - £59,253 12 1

War Office,

1st February 1787. Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pav to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces,

for the Year 1787.

Reduced Officers.

70 Captains -j -66 Lieutenants / each 68 Ensigns -J -

204

Total for Pay Agency on D*

Pay per Annum.

£ s. d.

171 7 1 11,994 15 10

79 19 4 5,277 16

62 16 7* 4,272 9 I

£21,545 — 11

191 4 4 £

£21,736 5 31

Supernumerary Officers.

Dragoons 1 Captain -

Foot - - 1 Major and Captain -

1 Major and Captain -

2 Captains, ea. £171. 7. 1

3 Lieutenants, ea. 79. 19. 4

Total for Pay Agency on D°

War Office,

1st February, 1787. Geo. Yonge.

265 11 ni

257 — 7 257 — 7 342 14 2 239 18 —

1,362 5 4i 12 1 91

1,374 7 2 f

In all

- £23,110 12 6

1

.1

ESTIMATE

b

27 Geo. III.

i° Februarii.

287

<1 to,) the aster

ESTIMATE of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Establishment of Six Regiments and Tour Companies of l oot serving in North America, the West Indies, and the for 3O5 Days,

from 25th December 178b to 24th December 1787, both inclusive.

0

11

Sir William Booth!>y’s Regiment of Foot, Pay of Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men - - ,

Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men -

Agency -

Allowances to Captains, Surgeons, and Paymaster -

Total British -

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment -

Difference to be made good

Earl of Harrington's, the same -Lieutenant General Gabbett's, the same -Lieutenant General Maxwell’s, the same -Sir Robert Murray Keith’s, Pay of Commission, Noncommissioned Officers, and Private Men -Clothing as above -

Agency Allowances as above

Pay -Clothing -Agency Allowances

Total British

Paid by Ireland for this Corps

Difference to be made good

Sir John Wrottesley’s Regiment.

British Charge

Paid by Ireland -

Difference to be made good Lieutenant General Baugh’s Regiment, 4 Companies.

Pay -

Clothing

Agency

Allowances

Numbers.

415

415

413

415

415

209

Total British -

Paid by Ireland for these Companies

Difference -

Total to be made good by Great Britain, for 1787 -

2,699

W'ar Office,

1st February 1787.

Charge of Pay, See. for 365 Days.

415 7,857 4 6§

1,134 1 7

1.54 14 Hi 446----

9<592 1 1

8,532 7 3

7,685 17 51 i,i34 1 7

153 4 6f 446-----

,9,419 3 7 8,372 15 9

7,709 18 10 1,134 1 7

153 9 7 446 -

9,443 10 — 8,395 4 10

3,436 14 3 57 2 — 2 73 1 — I

223-----

4,304 15 6 3,803 4 8

Difference.

1,05913 10

1.059 !3 10

1.059 13 10

1.059 13 10

1,046 7 10

1,048 5 2

501 10 10

£ 6,834 19 2

Geo. Yonge.

Vor.. 42.

Ordered,

Kiikwall Klertion — Pptitiiui of General ltoss.

Kirkwall K lection — Petition of Magistrates and Council oi Dingwall.

288

Februarii.

A. 1787.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Major General Charles was

delivered in at the Table, and read; Settingforth^That at the late Election of a Member of Parliament for the District of the Boroughs of Kirkwall, Il'ich, Dornoch, 'fain, and Ding-call, held at upon the 30th of

June, ijSfi, Captain Charles Ross, eldest Son of Sir John Ross, of Bahiagoion, Baronet, and the Petitioner, were the only Two Candidates who stood the Poll; and that the Delegates producing Commissions from the respective Boroughs of Tain, Dornoch, and gave their Votes for the said Captain Charles Ross, and the Delegates producing Commissions from the other Two Boroughs of Kirku and Dingwall, voted for the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner considering himself to be the legal Delegate from the Borough of Tain, although he had no Commission, appeared at the Meeting for Election, and, after taking the Oaths required by Law, declared, that, if he had been duly commissioned from that Borough, he would have voted for himself to represent the District, and the Delegate from Kirkwall, the presiding Borough, gave his casting or decisive Voice for the Petitioner in the Event of the Boroughs having legal Votes

C u O

being brought to an Equality; and that a Majority of the Persons producing Commissions, as Delegates having voted for Captain Charles Ross, he was of Course returned: But the Petitioner apprehends that the said Captain Charles Ross was not duly elected and returned, and that the Petitioner himself had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been declared duly elected, and have been returned accordingly; and that the Delegates for and

who voted for Captain Charles Ross, were elected as Delegates to represent those Boroughs by and under the Influence of a corrupt, illegal, and unconstitutional Compact and Agreement, made and entered into by Sir John Sinclair, of Ulbst Baronet, and the Guardians of the Countess of Sutherland, then a Minor, or by some other corrupt, illegal, and unconstitutional Agreement and Compact; subversive of the Ereedom of Parliament, and of Elections, which Compact and Agreement was well known to the said Delegates, as well as to some of tl>osc by whom they were elected; and that the Election of the said Captain Charles Ross, as well as of the Delegates for the Boroughs of Il'ich, Dornoch, and Tain', was effected and made by corrupt, illegal, unconstitutional, and unwarrantable Means and Practices; and that the Votes of some or all of those Delegates ought to have been disallowed, and, as the Petitioner was duly and legally elected, so he ought to have been returned as the Member to serve in Parliament for the said District of Boroughs: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give him such Relief therein, as to them may seem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 17th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Town or Borough of Dingwall was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Member of Parliament for the Distinct of the Boroughs of Kirkwall, Dornoch,

Tain, and Dingwall, held at upon the 30th

of June, 178b, Captain Charles Ross, eldest Son of Sir John Ross, of Batnagown, Baronet, and Major General Charles Ross, were the only Two Candidates who stood the Poll; and that the Delegates producing Commissions from the respective Boroughs of Dor-

noch, and Wick ,gave their Votes for the said Captain Charles Ross, and the Delegates producing Commissions from the said Borough of and Borough

of Kirkwall, voted for the said Major General Charles Russ; and that General Iloss, considering himself to be the legal Delegate from the Borough of Tain, although he had no Commission, appeared at the Meeting fur Election, and, alter taking the Oaths required l>v Law, declared, that, if lie had been duly commissioned from that Borough, he would have voted for himself to represent the District, and the Delegate from A irlcu'tdl, the presiding Borough, gave his casting or decisive Voice lor General in the Event

of the Boroughs having legal Votes being brought to an Equality; and that a Majority of the Persons producing Commissions as Delegates having voted for Captain Charles Ross, he was of Course returned: But the Petitioners apprehend that the said Captain Charles Ross was not duly elected and returned, and that General 1 loss had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought

to have been declared duly elected, and have been returned accordingly; and that the Delegates who voted for Captain Charles Ross were not only in themselves ineligible, but that they, or some of them, were elected under or by the Influence of an illegal and unconstitutional Compact and Agreement entered into between John Sinclair, Esquire, now Sir John Sinclair, of LrUlster, and the Guardians of the Right honourable Elizabeth, Countess of Sutherland, or some other illegal and unconstitutional Compact and Agreement, subversive of the Freedom of Parliament, and of Ejections, which Compact and Agreement was well known to the said Delegates, as well as to some of those by whom tlicy were elected; and that the Election of the said Captain Charles Ross, as well as of the Delegates for the Boroughs of IVich, Dornoch, and Tain, was effected and made by corrupt, illegal, unconstitutional, and unwarrantable Means and Practices; and that as General Ross was duly and legally elected, so the Petitioners apprehend he ought to have been returned, as the Member to serve in Parliament for the said District of Boroughs: And therefore

praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Relief therein, as to the House may seem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Tw o Acts, made in the lOthand 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, New South according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to Wales Judi-establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern caturetj*!1*’ Coast of New South I Vales, and the Parts adjacent: *re4en And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Chester Castle of Chester, was presented to the House, and Debtors P read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying tiuon‘ Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The

rx

rtS;c

.KXl

u,

Kid

rrjo

i° Februarii.

27 Geo. III.

289

London Peti- - The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs the*Sb0DSt of London attended at the Door; he was

Tljj called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of in Common Council

assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Complaining of the Acts passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain and repeating their Application to the House for a Repeal of the said Laws.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bill to amend Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

L»*s re- for amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws LoTteries D0W *n Force for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and rdered. regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets: And that

Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequci Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made vdered. out virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made oat by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six."

Convention Jlr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the with France. House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of the Convention between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles, 15th January 1787; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; .

TRANSLATION of the Convention between His Majesty and the Most Christian King. Signed at Versailles, the 15th January 1787.

The King of Great Britain, and the Most Christian King, being willing, in conformity to the 6th and 43d Articles of the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, signed at Versailles, the 26th of September 1786, to explain and settle certain Points which had been reserved, their Britannick and Most Christian Majesties, always

disposed more particularly to confirm the good Understanding in which they are happily united, have named, for that Purpose, their respective Plenipotentiaries, to wit, on the Part of His Britannick Majesty, William Eden, Esq. Privy Councillor in Great Britain and Ireland, Member of the British Parliament, and His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty; and on the Part of His Most Christian Majesty, the Count de Vergemes, Minister and Secretary of State for the

Department of Foreign Affairs, and Chief of the Royal Council of Finances; who, after having communicated to each other their respective Full Powers,-have agreed upon the following Articles.

Vo l. 43.

Article I.

Their Majesties having stipulated in the 6th Article of the said Treaty, " That the Duties on Hardware, Cutlery, Cabinet Ware, and Turnery, and on " all Works, both heavy and light, of Iron, Steel, " Copper, and Brass, shall be classed; and that the " highest Duty shall not exceed Ten per Cent, ad Va* " lorem," it is agreed, that Cabinet Ware and Tur-

nery, and every Thing that is included under those Denominations, as also Musical Instruments, shall pay Ten per Cent, ad Valorem.

All Articles made of Iron or Steel, pure or mixed. Or worked or mounted with other Substances, not exceeding in Value Sixty Livres or Fifty

Shillings per Quintal, shall pay only Five per Cent, ad Valorem; and all other Wares, as Buttons, Buckles, Knives, Scissars, and all the different Articles included under the Description of Hardware and Cutlery, as also all other Works of Iron, Steel, Copper, and Brass, pure or mixed, or worked or mounted with other Substances, shall pay Ten per Cent, ad Valorem.

If either of the Two Sovereigns should think proper to admit the said Articles, or only some of them, from any other Nation, by reason of their Utility, at a lower Duty, the Subjects of the other Sovereign shall be allowed to participate in such Diminution, in order that no Foreign Nation may enjoy in this Respect any Preference to their Disadvantage.

The Works of Iron, Steel, Copper, and Brass above mentioned, are not to be understood to extend to Bar Iron or Pig Iron, or in general to any Kind of Iron, Steel, Copper, or Brass, in the State of the Raw Material.

Article II.

Their Majesties having also stipulated in the 6th Article, " That for the better securing the due Collection of the Duties payable ad Valorem, which " are specified in the Tariff they will concert with " each other the Form of the Declarations to be " made, and the proper Means of preventing Fraud " with respect to the real Value of the Goods and " Merchandizes," it is agreed that each Declaration shall be given in Writing, signed by the Merchant; Owner, or Factor, who answers for the Merchandizes at their Entry; which Declaration shall contain an exact List of the stud Merchandizes, and of their Packages, of the Maries, Numbers, and Cyphers, and of the Contents of each Bale or Case, and shall certify that they are of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Kingdom from whence they are imported, and shall also express the true and real Value of the said Merchandizes, in order that the Duties may be paid in consequence thereof. That the Officers of the Custom House where the Declaration may be made, shall be at Liberty to make such Examination as they shall think proper of the said Merchandizes, upon their being landed, not only for the Purpose of verifying the Facts alledged in the said Declaration, that the Merchandizes are of the Produce of the Country therein mentioned, and that the Statement of their Value and Quantify is exact, but also for that of preventing the clandestine Introduction of other Merchandizes in the same Bales or Cases: Provided nevertheless, that such Examinations shall be made with every possible Attention to the Convenience of the Traders, and to the Preservation of the said Merchandizes.

In case the Officers of the Customs should not be satisfied with the Valuation made of the Merchandizes in the said Declaration, they shall be at Liberty, with the Consent of the Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port, or of such other Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose, to take the said Merchandizes according to the Valuation made by the

4 E Declaration,

Convention ' with France.

3(^0

Februarii.

A. 1787.

Convention Declaration, allowing to die Merchant or Owner an be construed to relate only to Ships suspected of carry-

Wltjltfr&HCe* riiu^nltlll nf 'inn IfuM An(J »*aA An Kim AKa Inn 1-1 fl'i win A C ll/nn An tlin T?nnminii 1. £ ni*Knn r «)

Overplus of Ten /wr Ccw/. and refunding to him the Duties be may have paid for the said Merchandizes.

In which Case, the whole Amount shall be paid without Delay, by the Custom House of the Port, if the Value of the Effects in Question shall not exceed Four hundred and Eighty Litres Toumois, or Twenty Pounds the respective Dominions. Sterling; and within Fifteen Days, at latest, if their Value shall exceed that Sum.

And if Doubts should happen to arise, either respecting the Value of the said Merchandizes, or die Country of which they are the Produce, die Officers of the Customs at the Port shall come to a Determination thereupon, with all possible Dispatch, and no greater Space of Time shall be employed for that Purpose, in any Case, than Eight Days, in the Ports where the Officers who have the principal Direction of the Customs reside, and Fifteen Days in any other Port whatsoever.

It is supposed and understood, that the Merchan

ing, in Time of War, to the Enemies of either of the High Contracting Parties, any Prohibited Articles, denominated Contraband; and the said Article is not to hinder the Examinations of the Officers of the Customs, for the Purpose of preventing illicit Trade in

Article VE

Their Majesties having stipulated, by the 43d Article of the 9aid Treaty, that the Nature and Extent of the Functions of the Consuls should be determined, " and that a Convention relative to this Point should " be concluded immediately after the Signature of " the present Treaty, of which it should he deemed " to constitute a Part," it is agreed that the said- ulterior Convention shall be settled within the Space of Two Months, and that, in the mean Time, the Consuls General, Consuls, and Vice Consuls, shall conform to the Usages which are now observed, relative

dizes admitted by the pre*nt Treaty shall be respect " the^ Consulship, in the respective Dontimons of the

lively of the Growth. Produce, or Manufacture offoe Sov%'?"V *>" ;«?W *"*£

Dominions of the Two Sovereigns in Europe Privileges, Rights, and Immunities belonging to their

T ... , T i i3 - tk rva i Office, and which are allowed to the Consuls General,

To oblige the Traders to he accurate in the Deela- vice Consols of hvoured

Nation.

Article VII.

It shall be lawful for the Subjects of His Britarmick

tion delivered by the Master of the Ship, they atoll $‘*>"9 "'f i" 'Iff

~ k r ui *J n a 1 u J Recovery of Debts contracted in the Dominions of

not be I,able to Confiscation, noles. there to a raa- Hfa Mi/ Majesty or elseahere, in Europe, and thera

rafat Appearance of Fraud; ,1 understood that, to AcJrions’against them, in Conformity to the

Practice of Law in Use in the Kingdom: Provided that there shall be the like Usage in Favour of Subjects, in the European Dominions of His Britan nick Majesty.

Article VIII.

The Articles of the present Convention shall be ratified and confirmed by His Britannick Majesty, and by His Most Christian Majesty, in One Month, or sooner, if it can be done, after the Exchange of Signatures between the Plenipotentiaries.

radons required by the present Article, as also to prevent any Doubt that might arise on that Part of die Tenth Article of the said Treaty, which provides, that if any of the Effects are omitted in the Declara-

hi such Case, the said Effects shall be confiscated, unless satisfactory Proof be given to the Officers of the Customs that there was not any Intention of Fraud.

Article III.

In order to prevent the Introduction of CalHcoes, manufactured in the East Indies, or in other Countries, a9 if they bad been manufactured in the respective Dominions of the Two Sovereigns in it is agreed, that the Callicoes manufactured in the said Dominions for Exportation from one Country to the other respectively, shall have at the Two Ends of each Piece a particular Mark, woven in the Piece, to be settled in Concert by the Two Governments, of which Mark the respective Governments shall give Nine Months previous Notice to the Manufacturers; and the said Mark shall be altered from Time to Time, as the Case may require. It is further agreed, that until the said Precaution can be put in Execution, the said Callicoes mutually exported, shall be accompanied by a Certificate of the Officers of the Customs, or of such other Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose, declaring that they were fabricated

In Witness whereof, we the Ministers Plenipotentiary have signed the present Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be set thereto.

Done at Versailles, the Fifteenth of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

JV"Eden. (L. S.) Gravier de Vergennes. (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are petition

in die Country from whence they were exported, and thereunto subscribed, the Civil and Military Servants from British also that they are furnished with the Marks already of the United Company of Merchants of England, ^^?^wuts prescribed in die respective Countries, to distinguish trading to the East Indies, and other the Inha- william in

such Callicoes from those which come from otiier bitants of the Presidency of Fort in Bengal, Bengal.

Countries. and of the Forts, Factories, and Places subordinate

Article IV. thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

In settling the Duties upon Cambricks and Lawns, ting forth, That an Act of Parliament, made in the it is understood that the Breadth should not exceed, 24th Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An for the Cambricks, Seven-eighths of a Yard, English " Act for the better Regulation and Management of Measure (about Three Quarters of an Ell of France) " the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the and for the Lawns, One Yard and a Quarter, English " British Possessions in India-, and for establishing a

- . ... *« Court Judicature for the more speedy and effect

" tual Trial of Persons accused of Offences

Measure (One Ell of France) and if any shall hereafter be made of a greater Breadth than what is above-mentioned, they shall pay a Duty of Ten per Cent, ad

valorem.

Article V.

It is also agreed, that the Stipulations iit the 18th Article of the Treaty shall not be construed to derogate from the Privileges, Regulations, and Usages already established in the Cities or Ports of the respective Dominions of the Two Sovereigns: And

committed in the East Indies" inflicts, with unmerited Severity, the most insupportable Grievances on the British Subjects in the East Indies, and, with a Disregard to the fundamental Principles of the Constitution, deprives them of many of their most valuable Rights and Privileges: That the Petitioners, conscious of being entitled to the Protection and Support of the Laws of England, in common with the other

further, that the 25th Article of the said Treaty shall Subjects of the Realm, cannot behold this Infringe-.« ment

27 Geo. III.

i° Februar

291

ment of their Liberties, and this Injury to their Per- they are required upon their Return to Great Britain, sons, Fortunes, and Reputations, without the severest under Penalties of enormous Severity, to deliver upon Pain, and most sensible Mortification; aware at the Oath into the Court of Exchequer, an exact Par-’ same Time of the Right which they legally possess of ticular or Inventory of all their Estates* Real and laying their Remonstrances before the several Branches Personal, for the Purpose of facilitating the Detection of the Legislature, they would feel that they were and Punishment of their own Misconduct, should-deficient in the Duty they owe to themselves, did they they have been guilty of any, whilst resident in the neglect to state at large, and with the Freedom of East Indies, whereby they are subjected to the Hard-Britons, the Grievances under which they labour; and ship and Mortification of discovering to the World aggravated indeed will be their Sense of Injury, should their private Concerns, or of exposing their Poverty* their just Representations be received in Silence, or when they return, as many do, in indigent Circurn-not be speedily noticed by the Representatives of the stances, and further, are punishable by excessive For-Nation, the true and appointed Guardians of the feitures, should they happen in the Enumeration of Liberties of the Subject: By this Act, all the Servants their Fortunes, from any Error or Forgetfulness, or of the East India Company in the East Indies indis- through the Uncertainty of the Recovery or actual eriininately, and not merely those in high political State of their outstanding Debts in distant Countries,

Stations, are liable to be removed from their Offices, to be guilty of au Omission or untrue Specification to

and to be recalled to England at the Pleasure of the the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds: By Crown, which is, in other Words, at die Will of the the same Act, every Servant of the said Company,-Minister, without any Charge being preferred against returning from the East Indies to Great Britain, may,

them, or any Reason assigned for such Removal or upon mere Suspicion that such Inventory or Parti-'

Recall: By the same Act, it is made unlawful for the cular doth not specify and disclose an Account and East India Company, after Sentence or Judgment of Description of the whole Estate and Property, Real any Court, against the Servants of the said Company, and Personal, of the Person delivering the same, to compound for any Debts, or Penalty due to them, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said-whereby the Servants of the said Company, who may Act, be compelled to go before the Remembrancer of happen to be involved in Misfortunes, not the Effect the Court of Exchequer, to answer, upon Oath, to of auy Criminality on their Part, and which Human such Interrogatories touching and concerning his Real Prudence could neither foresee nor prevent, may be and Personal Property, and the Disposal thereof, as subjected to the additional Misery of Imprisonment for the said Court shall think meet; and is not only Life: By the same Act, all Persons charged with liable to be imprisoned, without Bail or Mainprize, carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit till he shall have fully answered the said interroga-Correspondence, dangerous to the Peace or Safety of tories, but, if he shall not submit to be examined, the Settlement, or of the British Possessions in India, and fully answer such Interrogatories as aforesaid, is

with any of the Princes, Rajahs, Zemindare, or other also subjected to the cruel and excessive Forfeiture Person or Persons whomsoever, having Authority in of his whole Property, Real and Personal, whether India, or with the Commanders, Governors, or Presi- Hereditary or acquired, a Forfeiture so much the morel dents, of any Factories established in the East Indies oppressive and intolerable, as the sole Object of the by any European Power, contrary to the Rules and Examination it enforces is the Conviction of the Orders of the said United Company, or of the Party examined, as it breaks down the best Barrier Governor General and Council of Fort William afore- with which the Law has guarded the Safety of the said, are liable to be seized on the sole Warrant of the Subject, robs the Servants of the Company of the Governor General, and with the Sanction of his Council Right of Self-defence, and compels them to become forcibly sent to England, there to be tried for the their own Accusers: The Petitioners see no Dif-sarne, whereby the British Subjects residing under the ference between a Confession thus extorted, and One said Presidency, against whom such Charges shall be drawn forth by Torture, except that the latter Mode preferred, may be exposed to a long and severe Im- of investigating Truth only hurts the Body of the prisonment, to the Hardships and Danger of a tedious Accused, the former both rums himself, and strips his Voyage, to the Loss of their Employments and Means innocent Family, and all who are dependent on him, of Subsistence, and to consequent Poverty and Ruin; of the very Means of Subsistence; nor is the Mode Justice may be unreasonably delayed, arid finally the already noticed, of obtaining a Knowledge 0 Guilt, Persons accused, after suffering the Evils above enu- the only Gne liable to Exception; large Rewards are merated, will be brought to Trial under every Dis- held out to Informers, by which the Servants of the advantage which can result from the Want of Money Company, returning from India, are exposed to the and the Want of Witnesses, without any Means, if Malice of their Enemies, to the Envy of the Disap-acquitted, of obtaining a Compensation for the grievous pointed, to the powerful Calls of Avarice and Poverty, Injury done to their Fortunes, Peace, Liberty, and and to the dangerous Effects of Ministerial Influence: Reputation: And the Petitioners further conceive, The Petitioners submit it to the Recollection of the

that such a Power lodged in the Hands of any Indi- House, that, although they are now serving the vidual, or of any Body of Men, may be frequently Public at an immense Distance from the Seat of the dangerous to the Liberty of the Subject, inasmuch as British Empire, where, remote from their Country, it may be employed as the Means of seizing and their Families, and their Connections, many of them removing any obnoxious Persons, either for the Promo- have expended their Blood, and wasted their best Years tion of Party Views, or the Gratification of personal and their Constitutions, in supporting the Honour of Resentment, since the necessary Transactions of the the British Arms, and in defending those invaluable Company’s Servants in the ordinary Course of Business Possessions through a long and arduous War, they may be made a Plea for the Exertion of it: By the were born Subjects of Great Britain, and are as well same Act, the Petitioners see an odious and painful entitled to all the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges of Distinction established between the Servants of the Britons, as those more happy Citizens who dwell in Company in India, and the British Subjects at large, their native Country: The Petitioners have not, by the former of whom are considered by it, indiscrimi- the Change of Climate, lost the Feelings and Senti-

’ ments of Britons, but know how to value those inesti-

mable Blessings which they were born to inherit, and revere, and they are not conscious of any Crimes they have committed, by which they can have forfeited their Title to tire Enjoyment of them: Extreme*

therefore.

nately, as Men so prone to Delinquency, that for the better preventing and more easily punishing their Misconduct, it has been thought adviseable to violate the great Charter of our Liberties, and to infringe the most sacred Principles of the British Constitution; Vo l.42.

Petition from British Inhabitants of Fort Willing* in Bengal.

﻿igt 1° Februar. 1787.

therefore, is the Grief they feel, wheri they find, that, for bringing to Punishment Persons guilty of the Grime of Extortion and other Misdemeanors, committed in the East Indies by British Subjects holding Offices under the Crown, or under the said United Company, it has been thought expedient to devise another Course than that which the Common Law hath provided for the Punishment of such Offences, and that the small Remains of the Petitionersy who may survive to return to their native Country, are to be dealt with by a different Law, and a different Course of Justice, from the rest of their Fellow Subjects: This odious Distinction, by which they are stigmatized, is in itself sufficiently painful to them; but the Erection of a Tribunal, novel in its Kind, and most repugnant to the Constitution, whose Proceedings are restrained by no settled Roles of Law, and subject to no Appeal; the Power given to all Persons of moving for Informations, and bringing the Petitioners to Trial for imputed Crimes, without the Intervention of a Grand Jury; the compelling such of die Petitioners as may be informed against to enter into Recognizances, which are to bind their whole Fortunes, and to deprive them of the free Enjoyment of their Property, during the Course of a Prosecution that may be protracted for many Years, an Incident never before, as the Petitioners are advised, attached to any Recognizance, either by the Common or Statute Law, not even to those required for the most atrocious Offences, which are bailable by the Laws of England; the impowering the Prosecutor to cause an Appearance and a Plea to be entered for the Party informed against, and to proceed in such Information in the Absence of the said Party, in case of his neglecting to appear within such Times as shall be allowed him for that Purpose; the giving to the said new-created Tribunal the Power of adjourning, and consequently of delaying, their Proceedings at Pleasure, without reserving to the Party informed against any Means of enforcing a Decision, or of obtaining a Discharge on the Neglect or Delay of Prosecution, and without granting him any Remedy, in case of his Acquittal or Discharge from such Information, for the Costs and Damages be may have sustained by a long and vexatious Prosecution; the compelling the Party found guilty of the Crime charged in such Information, and adjudged to pay a Fine to the Crown, to enforce his own Punishment, by a Discovery, upon Oath, of his Estate and Effects sufficient to answer the same; the enacting that all Writings, which shall have been transmitted from the East to the Court of Directors, by their Officers and Servants resident in the East Indies, in the usual Course of their Correspondence with the said Court of Directors, and which may have been written by Persons heated by Party, warped by Prejudice, or misguided by Ignorance, shall be admissible and competent Evidence before the said new-erected Tribunal; the inflicting enormous Forfeitures, and indefinite Imprisonment, for slight Offences; and, finally, the depriving the Petitioners of that best Protection of their liberties and Safety, that inestimable Blessing, and their undoubted Birthright, the Trial by Jury, a Birthright which they have neither voluntarily renounced, nor forfeited by any Crimes, are Grievances so injurious and oppressive to the Petitioners, and Precedents of so fatal a Tendency to the Liberties and Constitution of their Country, that they feel themselves obliged, by the Duty they owe to themselves as Men, and as Citizens of a free Nation, to exert every Means which the Laws and Constitution of their Country allow, to liberate themselves from the Yoke <ff so severe, ignominious, and unconstitutional a Law, and to prevent an Example being established in the Infraction of their Rights, which may hereafter be drawn into a Precedent for violating the Rights of other Classes, and

other Orders of their Fellow Subjects, and ultimately for the Overthrow of the Constitution itself; and that the Petitioners have endeavoured to convey their just Complaints with Temper, Moderation, and Respect, but it is their Wish to impress on the Minds of the House, at the same Time, that they have a just and keen Sense of the Injuries which have been undeservedly inflicted upon them, and that the Mode which has been taken to obtain Redress of the oppressive and degrading Clauses of the said Act, are not hasty-and idle Resolutions, excited by the first Impression of Indignation and Resentment, but a System of Constitutional Measures, deliberately and unanimously adopted: Actuated by these Motives, and filled with Sentiments of Loyalty, Duty, and Attachment to their native Country, Sentiments which it has still been their Pride to clierish, and which, they hope, no Act of the Legislature will ever tend to weaken, the Petitioners think they have an indubitable Right to claim, and insist upon, a Relief from their Grievances, and a Restitution of those Privileges, of which they have been unconstitutionally deprived: The Petitioners are persuaded, that the Representatives of the Nation, the natural Guardians of their Liberty and Safety, exulting in the Reflection, that the Happiness and Freedom of a People can be the only true Object of a wise and just Government, will not be displeased to find, that the British Subjects in the East Indies retain the Sentiments and free Spirit of Britons, and that they have no more lost the Virtues than the Feelings of their Countrymen: The Petitioners in Conclusion, most earnestly beseech the Interference of this House, to repeal the oppressive Clauses of the said Act, as above enumerated, in Whole, and without Qualification, there being no other Relief suited to the Nature of the Injuries complained of, or which can be satisfactory to the Petitioners, and remove those Discontents which at present fill the Minds of the British Subjects in India.

A Petition of the several Persons wlwse Names are Petition fh» thereunto subscribed, by and on the Behalf of them- Ag«t*of selves, and as Agents of the Civil and Military Servants of the United Company of Merchants of of Fort England trading to the East Indies, and other the William in British Inhabitants of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and of the Forts, Factories, and Places subordinate thereto, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Agents of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed to the said Petition, having been appointed by them to act as such in Prosecution of the Relief thereby prayed; and Alledging that, since the said Petition was signed, and before the Petitioners had arrived in this Country, an Act of Parliament was passed, to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, whereby some of the Clauses of the former Act have been entirely repealed, others have been altered and qualified, but many remain in the same State as when the said Petition was prepared; and that, with respect to such Clauses as have been fully repealed, the Petitioners are truly sensible of the Wisdom and Benignity of the Legislature, in having thus anticipated their just Complaints, and in having administered the proper Relief; but the Petitioners beg Leave to submit, as to those Clauses which have been only altered, that the Alterations therein made have not removed the Causes of Complaint, either from the Minds of the Petitioners or those whom they represent, for the Petitioners, for themselves, declare, that the Relief prayed by the Original Petition is not, in their Apprehension, afforded them by such Alterations; and, as to the several other Persons w hose Names are likewise

subscribed

b

d that lr just

tepect, ot (he and unde, which ressite hash, ion of Callously with 1 their bees

0 Act

to

rleuta

«ixh

luit

1 ire

i, the

y,

n the thei

ie, to iboie fa f tie cfflj item jjecfi

SW5

{(T

lem*"

itaiyi i off-tiieJ-

to*

ice

us,

on;

;0t$

eby

i*

aifl

tie

p

of

me

dj

jot

ir

ch

ft

i*

jii

si

27 Geo. III.

i° — 2" Februarii.

293

subscribed to the same, they have therein expressly stated that there is no other Relief suited to the Nature of their Complaints but a Repeal, in Whole, and without Qualification, of the several Clauses in the said Petition enumerated: In particular, the Peti-

tioners observe, that by the last mentioned Act, an

the Use of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Charg<* to consider further of the several Articles of Charge ug^‘n‘loMr*

nuncio Viuocive, umt uj iiicuuuticu cm w v.uncuuoi wvxvo ui vuui^ Hastings.

Option is given to His Majesty's Attorney General, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren

Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that

or any private Prosecutor of any Information against the Petitioners, to have the same tried before the new Tribunal, or, on Motion in the Court of King’s Bench, to have it retained there, and tried in the ordinary Way, which Option, the Petitioners submit, is highly injurious to them, because it is thereby left to the Discretion of their Prosecutor to harass them with a Course of Proceeding which, in their Original Petition, they have stated to be repugnant to their most valuable Rights as British Subjects, and not warranted by any Necessity; and the Petitioners beg Leave

further to represent, that, by the said Act, they are made they may have Leave to sit again, liable to have Judgment pronounced against them in Re, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-their Absence, in the same Manner as if they were ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Personally present, which Judgment is to be con- House, to consider further of the said Articles, elusive, so that the Petitioners are thereby deprived Ordered, That Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do at- Mr. Middle-of the common Rights of every other British Subject, tend the said Committee Tomorrow Mbrning. s,r

in Cases of a similar Nature, to move in Arrest of Ordered, That Sir FJijak do attend the said attend.1*

Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That the said Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, and Sir , do bring with them, To-mor-

row, the Correspondence between them, or either of them, with Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, Major Palmer, and Major Davy, or with each other respectively, relating to the Begums of Oude.

Judgment, and to be heard in Support of such a Motion, before any Judgment can be pronounced: And therefore, on their own Behalf, and for the several Persons whom they represent, as hereinbefore stated, praying, which in their former Petition was, through Inadvertence, omitted to be done. That they may be heard by their Counsel, in Support of the said Petition; and likewise against all those Clauses of the Act passed in the 26th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which only alter, and do not repeal, the

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- Letter from

Clauses contained in the former Act, and complained’ pany do lay before this House, a Copy of a Letter from ^^8tow>

British Museum Trustees Petition.

of in the Original Petition, and, further, against such new Regulations as herein are flefore mentioned.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

John Bristow, Esquire, to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated the 22d of January 1777.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,' 2* die Februarii;

Money granted for the Museum.

Anno 270 Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

Pbatkrs,

Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of the Reign D EVED, That this House will, at the Rising House of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morn- adjourns to

to Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the ing next Monday.

Establishment and Support of the said Museum was

reduced to a Capital of £. 30,000 Reduced Bank An- Resolved, That, in all Bills for constituting Courts standing Or-nuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £ goo, for the Recovery of Small Debts, Provision be made ders relative was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the that no Person shall be committed to Prison by such j? ?"»!.

forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly Courts for more than Twenty Days, where the Debt D* 1

insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representa- does not exceed Twenty Shillings, nor for more than

tion they have, at sundry Times, obtained from this Forty Days, where the Debt does not exceed Forty

House various Sums to supply the Deficiency of their Shillings; and that every Person so committed shall

Income, which Sums, together with the Salary al- be discharged at the Expiration of the said Twenty

lotted to the King’s Librarian Yearly, amounting to Days, or Forty Days, respectively, without paying any

about £. 2.50, have proved insufficient to defray the Fees to any Gaoler or Turnkey,

necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now Resolved, That, in all Bills for constituting Courts remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient for the Recovery of Small Debts, there be inserted

a Clause, that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner, unless such Person shall be a Householder within the County, District; City, Liberty, or Place, for which he shall act, and shall be possessed of a Real Estate of the Annual Value of Twenty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of Five hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom any Bill for constituting Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts shall* be committed, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Orders contained in the Two

4 F preceding

to defray the Expences of the current Year: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such farther Support towards enabling them to cariy on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money granted by Parliament, for . Von. 42.

394

preceding Resolutions have been complied with; and the Chairman of such Committee shall report the same to the House on the Report of such Bill.

Ordered That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

ComRegula- Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report

tion Bill, or- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ere ’ it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and " ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Com and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned."

Mr. Bramston accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had directed the House to be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain " within severaj Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And Mr. Bramston moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the

1787.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further regulating and ascertaining the Impor- tation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within " several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Bramston, Sir Edmund Affleck, and Mr. Strutt, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Ap Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-sixAnd also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

2° Februdrii.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 2d Day of February 1787.

John Hughson.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An A C CO U N T of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year 1786."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million.

Exchequer, the 2d Day of February 1787-

John Hughson.

OrdeHd,

Accounts of Exchequer Bills presented.

b Act

iipor-

itliin

and

)f to Papers pre-

ailed sented.

Id, Letter from

from V Mr. Bristow.

27 Geo. III.

2° FebfOarU.

®5>5

ailed

uant

]aer the lor

Ex-

Dne \nd

[Her

tie

for

Ex-

Jue

List of Offices in the East Indies.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° l. Copy of a Letter from John Bristow, Esquire, to the Governor General and Council of dated

Lucknow, 22A January 1777.

Mr. Morton also, from the Directors of the East India Company, presetted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 2. A List of all Offices, Places, and Employments, in the Civil and Military Establishments of the East India Company in the East Indies, with the Salaries or Pay, and Emoluments, belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof, according to the latest Advices received, from India.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst tire other Papers of this Session.

lottery Tickets Bill presented.

.according to

Mr. Rose presented to the House,

Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws now in force for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets: And the sanie was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

last Time.

jer The said Bill was accordingly read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. _

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning u next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

Canterbury Mr. Charles Robinson reported from the.Committee, Paving Peti- to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, tworeportd. and Common Council, and several other of the principal Inhabitants of the City of Canterbury, was referred; That the Committee had examined (lie Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House.; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabl?: Where the same was read; and is as foildwelh;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Simmons informed Your Committee, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and also several Streets and other Places near or adjoining and leading into the said City, ate not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; that it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting to the said City, if the said Several Streets, Lanes, and other Places, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances removed, and prevented in future.

And the Witness added. That it may be necessary to take down several Houses, and other Buildings; and to take in some void Spaces of Ground, for the Purpose of widening some of the said Streets, and other Places.

Mr. William Slodden confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof) and also several Streets, and other Places, near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Charles Robinson, Mr. Gipps, and Mr. Marsham, do ^prepare, and bring in, the same.

printed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Letter Mr. Brittow’a from John Bristore, Esquire, to the Governor General Letter to be and Council of Bengal, dated Lucknow, 22d January 1777 (which was this Day presented to the House by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of tire East India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Metnbgrs of the House.

A Bill for naturalizing read a Second Time.

George

JVackerbdrth, was Wacker-

barth's Nat,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Phimer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bill committed.

Ordnance

Estimate

Mr. Aldridge presented1 to the House, pursuant to their Address td His Majesty, .

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for se the Year 1787 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as folk)well 1;

VIZ. ’

ESTIMATE

Yol. 4$.

A. 1787.

296 a® Februarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of OrdflaOce, for the Year 178fi

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and £. s. d.

Attendants, employed at the Tower - - - 15,266 8 —

And at the following Places; viz*.

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder - - 1,876 5 —

Inspector of Artillery at Ditto, and for proving Guns - 1,687 *7 6

Superintendent of Military Machines at Ditto - 282 17 6

Hampton Court and St James’s, Windsor and Greenwich - 226 — - —

Woolwich 570 ——

Purfleet ----- - 541 5 —

Gravesend and Tilbury ----- 255 ——

Chatham - -- 600 ——

Upnor Castle - - 80 — —

Sheemess - -- 380----

Feversham - -- 290 ——

Dover - - 120 — —

Portsmouth - - - - -- - 814 15 —

Priddy’s-Hard - - -170 ——

Plymouth - - 644 15 —

Keyham Point - - -170----

fPendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, Berwick, Carlisle, Tinmouth Castle, and Clifford's Fort, Hull,

Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort ----- 430 -

Guernsey - -- 448 2 6

Jersey - -- - 448 2 6

Isle of Man - - -166----

Rent for Use of Land and Houses ----- - 554 17 —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

£. 26,022 5 —

Pay of Civil Officers ( and Artificers, at -

North Britain -

Gibraltar -

Jamaica -

St. Christopher -

Antigua -

Dominica - -

St. Vincent -

Barbadoes -

Grenada -

Bahama Islands -

Quebec -

Halifax -

New Brunswick -

St. John’s and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James’s Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower and the several other Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, and Postage of Letters -

Ordinary Repairs of Fortifications, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, Pallisades, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several Forts and Castles in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same, at the several Forts, Castles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, ana Jersey -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ....

Cleaning and repairing small Arms in the Tower.

jt' t* d.

13,011 2 6

554 10 — Mu 7 6

2Q2 — ---

584 -

584----

584----

584----

584 -

584----

474 10 — 861 15 — 662 5 — 629 12 6 1,277 10 —

3,416 17 6

18,000-----

15.000 -

4,379 4 7

6.000 — —

2.000 -

Pay

LmOOQW

27 Geo. III. 2° Februarii. 297

Pay of the Corps of Engineers - - - - I 10

Pay of the Iloyal Regim' of Artillery, consisting of 3,282 Men, Officers included - - 106,465 11 2

Estab* of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at

Woolwich.....- - - - I 1,798 6

Estab1 of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain and Foreign Garrisons - 2,025 J5 — 1

Pay of Superannuated and- Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers Widows, Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants - - - - -j 20,679 1 6

Sums to be paid at the Treasury, &hd at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Surd of

£. 328,576. 17. 3, being the Amount of this Estimate - - - - -I 692-----

Ordinary - - - £. I 213,538 4 9

EXTRAORDINARIES, 1787.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Staff, ^Contingencies, and Current Service - 866

For Fuel for the Troops ----- 1,500

For a Supply of Stores - - 640

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

For Contingencies, and Current Service -

s. d.

3.000

2.000

- 6,000

2,000

6,000

WEST INDIX

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -For a Supply of Stores - - - - z

Towards the building of Barracks, Magazines, and Storehouses

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of the Company of Artificers 4,492 jo to

For excavating the Rock, and proceeding with the Souterrain Batteries - 1,000_

Blowing and breaking Stone for Lime, Carriage of Stone, Coals, Culm,

Lime, &c. attending the Kiln, and making Mortar - 1,500_____

Towards Repairs and Improvements of the Works at the North Front - 6,000 -_ —

Towards Repairs and Improvements of the Works at the West Front - 6,000 — ____

For Ordinary Repairs of Fortifications, Storehouses,. Magazines, &c. - 3,000_

For Contingencies in the Engineer’s Department - - - 1,800_

For Ditto in the Storekeeper’s Department - - - - 1,500-

For a Supply of Stores ... - - - - 5,000---- —

BOTANY BAY:

For Ordnance, Stores, and Ammunition

GUERNSEY:

For the Works, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks in Scotland, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

TINMOUT H C ASTLE, See.:

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, fitting up Buildings, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service - , -

14000 < — — !

36,^92 10 10

2,098 12 10

2,000 —

5,000 —

500 —

1,200

You 48,

4 G

chatha

M:

2° FebruariL

A.. 1787

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham and Upnor, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Cockhamwood, and Howness, Staff, Contingencies, and Cur- £

rent Service.....---- i,500 -

Towards the revetting and repairing Townshend and Amherst Redoubt* - i>500-

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service

CINQUE PORTS: lot Stfcff, Contingencies, and Current Service - -

£. s.

3,000 -

500-----

1,000 — —

WOOLWICH:

For Staff, Contingencies, and Charges attending the Barracks -For re-building the Wharf - -

ROYAL LABORATORY: Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

1,000-----

3,230 2 —

4,230 2 —

2,000.----

PORTSMOUTH:

For Staff, Contingencies, Repairs of Old Works, and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division, and for Current Service - -

To re-build the Tut) Bridges at Land Port Gate -

For the Payment of Money, as directed by Act of Parliament, to Samuel Leeke, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Portsea, and other Proprietors, for Lands near the Glacis of the Works at Portsmouth -For the Payment of Money to Thomas Binsteed and Moses Greetham, Esq'*, for the Purchase of Lands near the Glacis of the Works at Portsmouth

4,300-----

3,200-----

4,198----

2,061 8 —

GOSPORT:

InJurther Part of the Charge for completing Fort Monckton, estimated at

£-32,457-12.3* - -.....10,000----

For Staff, Contingencies, and Repair of Barracks and the Lines - - 1,000 — —

Repairs of the Breakwaters between Blockhouse Fort and Haslar Hospital - 2,455 --

P LY MOUTH:

For Staff, Contingencies, and Repairs of the Citadel, and various Places in the Division, and for Current Service ——

13,759 -1

13,455 -

4,000-----

FEVERSHA M:

For Staff and Contingencies - 500 -

For Repairs, and necessary Implements, for setting the Powder Mills to

Work ------- - 2,600--

For re-building the Powder Mill at Horse and Chart - 4,902 20

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

8,002 18 10

For Contingencies

Extraordinaries

Ordinary

Ordinary and Extraordinaries

5,000 -

115,038 12 6 213,538 4 9

328,576 17 3

Office of Ordnance, 2d February 1787.

W. Hon e,

G.Crmfurd, J. Aljrido*

Tho. Bailiie.

Ordered,

27 Geo. III. 2° Februarii.

299

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Wrotham A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe-Heath Road cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year Pitiiion. of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at IVrotham , in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due, and which, together with the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said Act, hath been applied in repairing the said Road, and great Progress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same be further continued, the Money owing on the Credit of the said Act cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for such Term as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alar sham, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Afonday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Renfrew A Petition of William Af'Dowall, of Election — Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Mr M'Dow- Getting forth. That at the Meeting for Election of all,' a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Renfrew, holden at Renfrew, on the igth

Day of October last, John Shaw Stercart, of Greenock, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that at the Michaelmas Head Court, holden for the said County, on the loth Day of October last, only Nine Days preceding the said Meeting for Election, after the Teste and issuing of the Writ, and with a View to promote the Interest of the said John Share Stercart, and to defeat that of the Petitioner, the Majority of Freeholders present did, on groundless and frivolous Pretences, reject a great Number of Claims of Persons claiming to be inrolled on the Roll of Freeholders for the said County, who, they supposed, would vote for the Petitioner, and the said Majority not only admitted on the Roll certain other Claimants in the Interest of the said John Shaw Stewart, who had no Right to be so admitted, but refused to strike off from the said Roll sundry other Persons, who had no Right to stand upon the same, and against whom Objections were made by the Petitioner, or other Freeholders in his Interest; and that, on the Day of Election, the said pretended Majority proceeded in the same violent and illegal Manner, by over-ruling the valid Objections made to the Persons in the Interest of the said John Shaw Stewart, and by sustaining the groundless Objections made to those Persons, who, they supposed, would give their Votes for the Petitioner, by which, and other illegal and unwarrantable Practices of the said John Shaw Stewart, and of his Friends, a colourable Majority of Freeholders standing upon the Roll, was obtained in his Favour, and he has procured himself to be returned as duly elected, whereas, if there were added to the Votes of the Freeholders standing upon the Roll who actually voted for the Petitioner, the Votes of those Persons who claimed to be inrolled at the said Michaelmas Head Court, and at the said Meeting for Election, and were unduly Vol. 42.

rejected, but tendered their Votes for the Petitioner at the Election, and if the Votes of those in the Interest of Mr. Stewart, who were unduly admitted, or continued upon the Roll, are deducted, the Majority of legal Votes will appear to have been in Favour of the Petitioner, who, as being duly elected, ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 22d Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and n th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warranty or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be (bought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply. Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved That this House will, upon Alonday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantity and Value of the Imports |"^orts ^rom into Great Britain from France, between the 5th of i'rance* January 1714 and the 5th of Jamiary 1787; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of Goods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exports to Account of the Quantity and Value of the British Pro- France, duce and Manufactures exported from Great Britain to France between the 5th of Januar 1714 and the 5th of January 1787; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of Goods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Foreign Produce and Manufactures exported from Great Britain to France, between the 5th of January 1714 and the 5th of January 1787; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of Goods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Stock of Wine in the Possession of Wine >n p°s-Dealers, on the 5th of July and the 29th of November 1786, respectively, and also of Wine imported and ers> c* consumed within the said Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Stock of Wine in the Possession of

Dealers

300

2° — 5° Fe

A. 1787,

Imports and Exports to and from Portugal.

Account of Duties on Malt, Beer, &c.

Exports, &c. from and to Great Britain.

Dealers on the 1st of September 1786, and also of Wine imported and consumed between the 5th of July and the 31st of August.

Ordered, That there' be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of the Imports and Exports to and from Great Britain and Portugal, from 1703 to 1786, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity and Value of the Imports and Exports to and from Great Britain and Portugal; distinguishing the several Articles and the Years, from 1760 to 1786, inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Duties received upon Malt,

upon Beer, and upon Spirits distilled from Malt; distinguishing the Quantity of such Spirits charged with Duty in the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, and 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, Great Britain, distinguishing each Place, from Christmas 1783 to Christmas 1785.

A

Luna, 5° die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIP’ Regis, 17S7.

Prayers.

PETITION of the several Persons whose Kessingfod Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Messuages, Cot- surePcuuoo. tages, Tofts, Lands, and Tenements, in and

Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes of Kessingland and Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing by Estimation 600 Acres, and divers Lands and Grounds, which are intermixed together; and that there are several Rights of Common of Pasturage upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, and of cutting Whins and Furze, and other Rights and Interests, in, over, and upon the

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Exports and several Papers, intituled, " Accounts of the Value of all Imports to " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, " and imported into, Great Britain," which have been presented to this House since the Year 177.5, be

Accounts of

be printed.

same, and the said Commons and Waste Lands in their present State yield but little Profit to the Persons having Right of Common thereon, and some of the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, and exchanging the said intermixed Lands and Grounds,

bers of the House.

Committee 00 Charge against Mr. Hastings.

printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Mem- and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, and all

other Rights and Interests in and over the said Commons and W’aste Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart, Sir John Rous, and Mr. Grigby, do pre-

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors pare, and bring in, the same, against IVamen Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Nottingham Gaols for die County of Nottingham, and Town of Pe* Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Pdersfield

Writ.

The House being informed that Mr. from Accounts of the Commissioners of die Customs, attended at the Imports and Resolved, That this House will, upon tVcdnesday Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presumed to Exports Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the House, pursuant to their Orders, France*1 prl

the whole House, to consider further of the said An Account of the Quantity and Value of the Im- senud.’ Articles. ports into Great Britain from France, between die 5 th

of January 1714, and the 5th of 1787; distin-

tjrdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to guishing each Year, and the Species of Goods: And the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for also,

the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- An Account of the Quantity and Value of the British liament for the Borough of Petersjicld, in the County Produce and Manufactures exported from Great Britain oftSouthampton, in the room oi Thomas Samuel Jolliffe, to France, between the 5th of January 1714 and the

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, 5th of January 1787; distinguishing each Year, and the

Species of Goods: And also.

An Account of the Foreign Produce and 'Manufactures exported from Great Britain to France, be-

lC!

(UU

lift

hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buck-

ingham.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

tween the 5th of January 1714 and the 5th of January 1787; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of Goods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the suid Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of thi* Session.

Ordered,

W V Lft t

fcivjrn

>7 h

Of-

r-S CoN .7 ’<Wa:i-f' uiinty of

« --tlllljT

'H ef

% ' nin^ Nr

acverel

)tmibn*

rzc. and

pon be

19

oe Per-i some ed acd enieni prieioe

m tje ig, 2";1

is, &iii round*, and ii!

Cos-

a E,

id KH

lo ffr

in tii? J‘" vn cl;k read;"

tie

from

Ihel

dto;:

In)-"

an*

llld

a;*/

PC

the

1C*

e*

27 Geo. III.

5® — 6° Februdrii.

301

Committee of Supply.

.Accounts of Exchequer Bills referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House whole House, to consider of so much of His Majesty’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to the be now read. Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Ma-

And the said Order being read accordingly; jcsty and the Most Christian King.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Ordered, That the Copy of the said Treaty of Navi-Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed gation and Commerce between His Majesty and the in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Most Christian King, signed at Versailles thegfith of " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or September 1786, and Translation, which were presented " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One to the House upon the 26th Day of January last; and " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," be referred also, the Copy of the Convention between His Mato the said Committee. jesty and the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the 15th January 1787, and Translation, which were pre-Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed sented to the House upon Thursday last, be referred to in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act the said Committee.

" for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or

" Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for

" thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," be referred That this House be called over upon this Day Fort-to the said Committee. night, the 19th Day of this Instant February; onse’

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- It passed in the Negative.

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kcsolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Supply, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seamen. That Eighteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, including Three thousand Eight hundred and Sixty Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per

Committee on Lottery Tickets BUI.

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Eighteen

thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were; upon the Question severally put thereupon,

to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws agreed to by the House.

Treaty with France to be considered.

tfow in Force for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty and the Most Christian King;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevennight," and inserting the Word " Fortnight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That that Word " Sevennight" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

Mr. Robert Smith,

Mr.;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 6° die Anno 27* Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

’BAYERS,

Tellers for the Yeas,

V

Tellers for the Noes,

} 213. 89.

James

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this. Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the Vol. 42.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Nottingham others, of the County of Nottingham, was pre- p0®*1. sented to the House, and read; Setting, forth, That the ^eU lon* Road leading from the South End of Boot Lane, in the Town of Nottingham, to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, is. in a bad Condition, very inconvenient for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually formed, amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by. the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and to all other Persons residing near, or having Occasion to travel upon the said Road, if the same was properly formed, widened, and rendered commodious for Travellers and Carriages: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for forming, amending, and widening the said Road, and keeping the same in good Repair, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

4 H And

302

6° Februarii.

And it is referred to Lord Edward Beni inch-, Mr.

Medows,&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-in", at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hurst Green A Petition of the several Trustees, appointed in and

Hoad by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in

Petition. the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing, " widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading " from the Turnpike Road on Hurst , in the County of Sussex, through and

" to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the " said County," and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto set, living near and usually travelling the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the lolls collected upon the said Road, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, nor even the Interest thereof, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are further continued and enlarged; and that some further and other Provisions are necessary, not only for the more effectual repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, but also to enable the Trustees to pay off or reduce the Sum borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Dill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and to grant such further and Other Powers, for the more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomds Pelham, Lord George Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A. 1787.

reported.

Harlow Road Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Petition whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution several Acts, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of King George the First, the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Bush Common, in the

Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, os it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: W here the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

The Reverend Thomas Abdy Abdy being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, but the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts be further continued and made more effectual.

And the Witness further said, That by opening a Communication between Epping and Chelmsford, by extending the Epping Turnpike Road, and repairing the Highways from the Seventeen Mile Stone in the Parish of Epping, through the several Parishes of Bassett, Bobbingwoi'th, High Ongar, Shelley, and Norton

Mandexille, to the Parish of Writ tie, the same would be highly beneficial to that Part of the County of Essex, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of HarloioBusk Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex;

and for repairing and w idening the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of Norl/necald Bassett, Bobbing-worth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, and to

The Four Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence, through the Parishes of High Ongar and Noi'ton Mandeville, to the Parish of Writ tie, in the said County: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Solomon Dedel, was presented to the Dedel's Nat. House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given Petition, to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bramston and Sir Joseph Mawbcy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Nottingham Town Gaol at Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying 1 etItKW‘ Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Marine for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Sliore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Brett, or ere and Captain Leveson Gon e)', do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Planta, from Account of the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Pri, ish Door; be w as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to ^eseowd the House, pursuant to their Order, p

A Paper, intituled, " Accounts of the Trustees of " the British Museum."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth, v

STATE

o

tr>

to

D'

STATE of the Accompts of the BRITISH MUSEUM, Anno 17^5*

To Tecs paid at the Bills, granted

Ter Expenditures for - -/

Exchequer on the last Parham* Grant of /’.3,oooo in Thirty Exchequer , U84: Eecd Jan. 85 - t -

/ Salaries and Wages ....

Board Wages -

Filing ....

Candles - - . .

Rent and Taxes....

Repairs ....

Book-binding ....

Stationary Ware -

Furniture (Cabinets)....

Prinling Expences ....

Garden Expences- -V Incidents -

Balf# of Cash in Hands of -

{Mr. Abr. Newland - - 65

Dr. Morion - - - - 80

16 2*1

12 5J

£158 3 —

937 8 —

101 8 —

106 13 2

16----

210 — 8 737 *3 6 158 3 —

21 16 6

22 — —

60 12 — 70-

10R 18 8

£.2,708 16 6 146 8 7

£3,855 5 \

By Cash remaining of the Year 1784 - " " " " "

By a Year's Int. recd on £.30,000 Bank Ann. 3 perCent. Red. (the General Fund) to 10 October 1785 - - - - " - "

By Two Quarters recd of the King’s Librarian’s Salary, to 5 April 1785 (Fees deducted) ——

By Sale of, and Interest recd on, Excheqr Bills of the Parliamentary Grant Anno 1784, 16 being sold, and 14 remaining ——

Cr.

£179 3 11

900-----

124 11 — 1,651 10 2

£3,855 5 1

- STATE of Accompts, 1786.

I>*. Cr.

To Expenditures for -- -/ < Salaries and Wages - -- -- - Candles - -- -Rent and Taxes - -- Book-binding - -- -- --Stationary Ware - -- -- --Prinling Expence6 - -- -- - Incidents - -- - £937 8 — 101 8 — 98 — 6 1613 4 333 9 7 304 9 9 142 — 6 94 18 6 36 10 — 80 10 — 162 10 11 By Cash remain* of the Year 1785 - -- -By a Year’s Int. recd on £. 30,000 Bank Ann. 3 per Cent, Red. (the General Fund) to By Six Quarters recd of the King’s Librarian’s Salary, to 10 October 1786 (Fees deducted) - By Exchequer Bills; viz. Sale of Int. recd on Seven of £. 100 each - - - - 72819 — "I In1 recd on Seven remain* unsold - - 34 13 — J

Balance of Cash remain'; viz. in Hands of Mr. Abr, Newland - - - - £. 168 15 ill from which deduct, owing to Dr. Morion - - 13 i 5] £3,03719 55 H 6 -

£3,183 13 7

£»4<5 8 7

900 -

373 13 —

763 12 —

£2,183 13 7

O

eg', v

r — H

n’

CD

Q.

cr

DT._____________

Expenditure, Anno 1785 1)° - - - 1786

The Medium of which -

2.

Matthews,

Acromptant,

30 January 1787.

ESTIMATE of Accompts, Anno 1787.

Cr.

£.2,708 16 6 1 2,027 l9 1 4*73® 15 7 £2,368 7 9 By Cash remain* of the Year 1786 - - - - By Seven Exchequer Bills rem* unsold - -- -By Interest due on D°, from 27 May to 31 December 1786, 218 Days, at 3d. each per Day By a Year’s Divd on £. 30,000 B. A. 3 per Cent. Red. to jo October 87 -By a Year’s King’s Libn* Sal* to 10 October 87 (Fees ded.) ---- £155 14 6 7OO 19 1 6 gOO — — 249 2 —

2,023 ,8 — 344 9 9

£ 3,368 7 9

Ov>

O

V-M

Geo. III. 60 Februarii.

Statement

respecting

American

Loyalists

presented.

304

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Forster (Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A. 1787.

A Statement of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made up to the 25th of December 178b.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Statement was read

The said Statement is as followeth

6° Februarii.

A STATEMENT of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, made up to the 25th December 1786.

N° of Claims. Amount of Claims.

STATE of Claims received. r Gross Sum claimed for Losses of Property. \ Annual Incomes alledged to be lost.

Claims received under the First Act of Parliament, 1783 -Claims received in England, under the 2d Act, 1785 Claims received and admitted by the Commissioners in Nova Scotia, under the 2d Act, 1785; whereof the Amount is not specified 2,063 134 199 £7,046,278 215,080 £ 88,631 per Annum. 1,605 per Annum.

t. 1 q.-: 2,396 £ 7,261,358 90,236 per Annum.

STATE of Claims N* of Amount of Claims. Amount of Losses allowed and reported by the Commissioners.

Examined. Claims. r Gross Sums for \ Annual Incomes. r Gross Sums for Loss of Property. Annual Incomes.

- Property.

Claims examined and liquidated in England, up to 25th December 1786 689 3,492,83 6 70,346 per Ann. 1,075,914 46,862 per Ann.

Claims examined and liquidated in Nova Scotia, up to 30th September 1786 ----- 255 321,011 2,155 per Ann. 96,547 3,120 per Ann. 1

Claims reported fraudulent - -Claims withdrawn 11 25 110,227 143, H7

Total - - - 980 £4,067,191 72,501 per Ann. 1,172,461 49,982 per Ann.

It is to be observed, 176 of the unexamined Claims contain no specified Estimates of Loss, and *the Estimates in many of the Claims as originally delivered were very imperfectly or erroneously stated, so that no certain Judgment can be formed of the real Amount of the Whole of the Claims.

Claims for Debts to the Amount of £ 2,398,756 are not included in any of the above Statements.

Exclusive of the 199 new Claims received by the Commissioners in Nova Scotia, 1,606 others have been presented, on the Admission or Rejection whereof they have suspended their Judgment for further Enquiry.

Of the Claimants remaining unheard, above 400 have omitted to appear on being summoned; it is therefore probable that many of these and others do not intend to prosecute their Claims. It may be proper to observe, that all the Cases of Magnitude (a few excepted) have been examined, and that above 500 of the Claims presented under the First Act were taken with or transmitted to the Commissioners in Nova Scotia.

Office of American Claims, John,

Lincoln's Im Fields, Secretary to the Commissioners.

February61111787.

Ordered,

lih

e Oointnji.

ie 2jth Accounts of

ad Imports and Exports

from and to

Portugal presented.

05-;es aarf

Up |.)

27 Geo. IIL

60 j Februa

3°S

Ordered, That the Table, to b6 House.

the said Statement do lie upon perused by the Members of the

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

same, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Morris, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Tow;j of Swansea is a very populous Town, and has been much resorted to of late by Persons for the Benefit of

An Account of the Quantity and Value of the Imports Sea Bathing — That the Streets, and other public Pas-

into Great Britain from Portugal, between the 5 th of January 1761 and the 5th of January 17S7; distinguishing the Articles and the Years: And also,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of the Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Portugal, between the 5th of January 1761 and the 5th of Jam-

sages and Places within the said Town, and certain Parts near or adjacent thereto, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants, and the Public, if the

ary 1787; distinguishing the several Articles, and the said Streets and public Passages were properly paved,

tilled ’ffi Si 5

f Annul r Anne,

cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances were removed and prevented in future.

Mr. Richard Bevan arid Air. Richard Secconibe, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and, watching the several Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other of , arid certain Parts near or adjoining

Papers of this Session. thereto, and for removing and preventing Nuisances

and Annoyapces therein: And that Sir Lewes

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the and Sir Herbert do prepare, and bring in,

W'bale Ships Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the same.

Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tables ta be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Anna

from Scotland predated.

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ordered, That there be laid before this Housem an Account of

Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines Searaen

Marines

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland borne and mustered each Month, from the 1st Day of

vporK

orafi.

T Am

r.ta

.te.

.IPS -cetf

1#

0

\p

have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Slreights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported from the 10th of October 1785 to the 10th of October 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lint of Pen- Mr. Steele presented to the House,

A List of Pensions, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 6th of February 1786 (being the Date of the last Return) made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List " Revenues, and for preventing the same from being " in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of " Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of " the Civil List."

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

ions presented.

January 1786 to the 31st Day of December 1786, inclusive.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of New South Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales Judi-

Wales, and the Parts adjacent, was read a Second cature Btl! Time. commilted-

Resolved, That the Bill be comnfitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, uport Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported froth the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s

Swansea Sir JVatkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to l’.iving Peti- w hom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants uon reporud. of the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Vox. 42. ~

Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For paying That the Sutn of One Million Five hundred thousand oft Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying oft’ and quer 1 5‘ discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed In the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-six;" and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

4 I The

Committee of Wa) s and Means appointed.

Lottery rTickets Bill reported.

Warwick and Aylesbury Debtors Petitions.

Cracoe Inclosure Bill presented.

Aberbro-thock Two PenniesScots Petition.

306 6° — 70 Febru A\ 1787.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally pbt thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this Houste will, Tomorrow Morning, rCsolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws now in Force for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by die House to the

Bin.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ibgrossed.

And theri the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Mercttrii, T die Februarii j Anno 27* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1787. Praters.

A PETITION of the Debtors in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Warwick: And

also,

A Petition of the Poor Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol at Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham,:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Buncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Cracoe, in the Parish of Bumsall, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Council of the Borough of was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the 11th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, which Act was, by another Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued for the further Term of Twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j and Alledging, that the said Two Acts were obtained for the Purpose of repairing or re-building the Harbour, Town House, and Common Prison, and for repairing the Streets and Causeways, and carrying on the other public Works and Buildings of the said Town, and the Money arising by the said Duty has been faithfully applied for those Purposes, but the Expences far exceeding the Money raised by virtue of the said Acts, a considerable Debt is now- owing,

Which cannot be paid off, and the Repairs and other nefcessary Works by the said Acts directed to be done; carried oil, and completed, without a Prolongation of the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts:

And therefore praying, That the Imposition or Duty granted by the said Acts of the 11 th of King George the Second, and the Third of His present Majesty, may be continued, from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Act; for the Space of Twenty-five Years, td‘ be levied and applied in such Manner as the House shall* direct, or to grant to the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition bd inferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir David Carnegie, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and h^ve Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Lemon, Esquire, was delivered in SafltaafrEfee* at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the tion"Prt*" late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner and the Right honourable the Earl of Mom-inglon, of the Kingdom of Ireland, were Candidates; and that Caleb Colton, Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, behaved himself with Partiality in Favour of the said Lord Mornington, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admitting on the Poll, for the said Lord the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected, and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Lord Alomington, and he was returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Saltash: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, ana to grant to the Petitioner such Relief as to the Hoase shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Metwrandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, of ‘Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Account of Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j Exports to he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Quantity and Value of British Manufacture and Produce exported from Great Britain 2 to

Googh

b

said

y fan

the

ue of 'wine other done, >n of Acts: Duty eor?i iesty, last, 's, w shalf iclief

X)Q.

oine

.hall

’ftp-

ora-

her;

and

din Sfe5 the

te.tl

27 Geo. III.

7

Februarii.

307

for the

n-

:cs;

im-

rith

by

an

Eld

by

on, ite, r a

oil

as

in

"g

1m

jto Portugal, from Christmas 1760 to Christmas 1786, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of Goods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. ,from

Winepre- Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Stock of Wine in the Possession of Dealers on the 5th of July and 29th of November 1786, respectively; and also of Wine imported and consumed within the said Period: And also,

An Account of the Stock of Wine in the Possession of Dealers on the 1st of September 1786; and also of Wine imported and consumed between the 5th of July and the 31st of August, 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Martin and Linwood In* closure and Drainage Petition,

j

A Petition of John King, Esquire, William Bury, Esquire, Charles Chaplin, Esquire, and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Grounds within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Tmberland, and in the Parish of Blankn and the Hamlet of Linwood, in the Parish of Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Reverend Broadbent,

Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Tim-berland aforesaid, and of the Reverend Thomas Porter, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Blankney aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Hamlet of Martin, and in the said Parish of Blankney and Hamlet of Linwood, certain Open Common Fens, Common Meadow, or Half-Years Land, inclosed Low Lands, and other Low Lands and Grounds, which are frequently overflowed, or otherwise annoyed, with Water; and that if the same were properly drained, and the Open Fens, Lands, and Grounds, divided and inclosed, the whole might be considerably improved, to the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and to the Benefit of the Public; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving the said Fens, and Low Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anderson Pelham, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply de* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act; made in the British last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Fisheries Act " more effectual Encouragement of the British Fish- ^r^con*1*

" eries," might be read. re

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of the said Act.

Mr. Grigby presented to the House, according to Kessingland Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Inclosure and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kessingland and Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the iftgrossed Bill, for amending and Lottery rendering more effectual the Laws now in Force for Tlfkets Bill

____________ — 1 — f r , 1 . passed.

and regulating the read the Third

suppressing unlawful Lotteries,

Sale of Lottery Tickets, be now Times

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, irt Pr. 9. 1. 21. by leaving out the Clause relative to the Insurance of Whole Tickets.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fThe Lord Bayham,

[Mr. Rose Mr. North,

Mr Adam:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws now in Force for suppressing unlawful Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes, |j

1126. } 97-

Committee

f" *y« uml

Means,

Ordered, That the Order of die Day, for the House to resol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply against Warren Hastings, Esquire, granted to His Majesty, be now read. neral of Bengal

Vol. 42.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee

whole House, to consider further of the several__

cles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors

~ late Governor Ge- *

of the Committee Arti- 00 Charg°

Mr.

Puckle-church Road Petition reported.

308 70 — 8 0 Februa-^1787.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the>Cortimittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St.John reported from the Committee, That

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

And the House having continued to sit till after One of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovis, 88 die Anno 27* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1787. Prayers.

MR. Penruddoclce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Broolc, which divides the Parishes of Pucklcchurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to

Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the Roads directed to be repaired by the above-mentioned Acts; and that, with respect to the Lane in the Petition mentioned to be branching out of the said Road at Pucklechurch, and communicating with the Bristol Turnpike Road at Wick, in the County of Gloucester, which is only of the Length of Two Miles, and which is proposed to be put under the Direction of the said Trustees, without any Toll being collected thereupon, Notice of such Intention was given in the Gloucester Jounuil of the 25th of December and 1st and 8th of January last, and also at the Christmas Quarter Sessions for the County of Gloucester, within which said County the Lane lies; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. John Heath being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum ot Money upon the Credit thereof; that upwards of £.2,000 now remains due; that the Terms granted by the said Acts are expired, and that the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Powers of the said Acts are revived; that such Part of the said Road as lies between Burton Gate and the Salutation Inn (being about One Mile and Three Quarters in Length) is at present repaired at the joint Expence of the said Trustees, and the Trustees for repairing certain other Turnpike Roads near or adjoining thereto; and that it is apprehended it w’ould be proper that the same should for the future be kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the Trustees for repairing the above-mentioned Roads.

That there is a certain Lane branching out of the Turnpike Road at Wick, in the County of Gloucester, being about Two Miles in Length, and that it will be a great Ease to the Parishes within which the said Lane lies, if the said Trustees were impowered to keep the same in Repair; and that it is not proposed to erect any Turnpike Gate upon or across the said Lane. — And the Witness further added, That the Creditors who have Money due to them upon the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Roads are very desirous that the said Lane should be put under the Direction of the said Trustees, to be by them kept in Repair out of the Tolls to be collected on the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, to Christian Bridge,

and from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish, and from the Turnpike Road at Pucklcchurch aforesaid to the Bristol Turnpike Road at Wick, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts:

And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bramstonpresented to the House, according to Harlow

Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term Roa<i Bill and Powers of several Acts, made in the Tenth Year PreseDtoi-of the Reign of King George the First, ’ the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to iu

the County of Essex; and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of North-weald Bassett, Bobbingxcorth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, and Shelley, to The Four IVant in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence, through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandevilte, to the Parish of Writtle, in the said County: And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Bedel's Ka. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Solomon Dedcl: And the 15111 p,rc' same was received; and read the First Time. bLnIC

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Rinn;n,|,ra thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and liridge I’eti-Neighbourhood of Birmingham, was presented to the tlu11-.1 louse, and read; Setting forth, That the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham is very much increased in the Number of Inhabitants within the last Thirty Years, and the only Road or Passage from the said Town to the several Turnpike Roads which lead from thence to the Metropolis, through the Towns of Warwick, Stratford upon Avon, and City of Coventry, is over a certain Bridge, at the lower End of the said Town of Birmingham, called Bridge: and

that the said Bridge, having been erected many Years, is very narrow, and, owing to the great Increase of the Passage over it, is become very incommodious and inadequate to the Accommodation and Safety of the Public, and the said Road or Passage cannot be sufficiently widened and rendered safe lor travelling without taking down and re-building the said Bridge, 1

and also taking down and removing several House* and Buildings standing near the same, and obstructing

llh.

He

1 aii.

1IC *4

UOvc-ict, of ijj

f^Wub, ‘l "ill

** 53ii

"‘red „

Prr,|'C'.-Eii

tj!e Cre-ie Credit iery lnJerttt :‘tep!ia toe i;

27 Geo. m.

8° Februar

309

Marine Mutiny Bill presented.

the Passage thereto; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and re-building the said Bridge, and for taking down several Dwelling Houses and Buildings, in order to open and render more safe and commodious the Street leading thereto, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Sir George

Augustus JViUiatn Shilckburgh, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while ort Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing Account of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Marine,! sented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the 1st Day of January and the 31st Day of December 1786, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what mustered in the Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; .

1 a Eii, nI fa fVi(.

I Bn* in (&i fllRp*

i -

1 II j,; I'l'p,

Navy Office, 1 An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the 7th February, 1787.] Royal Navy, between the 1st of January and the 31st of December 1786, upon a Medium

of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what mustered in the Service: Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 6th Instant.

nines;

e Itrj

h Y:

:x to

d, m:

Ihr.

iila;

.Y

ill It

, Tli *

tot;

k

J Li:

r? )h'

January -February -March April

May - *

June - *

July -August September -October November -December -

Geo. Ro.

Months. SEAMEN. MAR 1NES.

/ Borne for Wages. \ Mustered for Victuals* r Borne for Wages. Mustered for Victuals.

- u to 16,969 16,668 3,825 2,117

- - to - 15,473 15,301 3,803 2,007

- to - to 15,221 15,035 3,684 1,905

« - - - 14,516 14,249 3,579 1,831

- - - 13,984 13,870 3,531 1,802

* to to - 13,251 12,985 3,499 1,763

- - 13,391 13,192 3,513 1,643

to to - - to 12,610 12,260 3,479 1,584

— - " 13,591 12,359 3,401 1,527

to _ - - - 12,225 11,951 3,340 1,636

M to - - - 12,328 11,969 3,351 1,681

m to to m 12,292 11,900 3,260 1,720

164,851 161,739 42,265 21,216

Upon a Medium to - 13,737 13,478 3,522 1,768

J. Henskfw.

Geo. Marsh, E. Le Cras.

i-,./

; (ii

tn

11

c

jJ;

ill

k

p

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of- the House.

Jteport Ways Mr-. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the and Mean#. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis.

Malt. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Vox.. 42,

Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty,-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred ai\d Eighty-seven, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be ' made, and all Mum which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Land Tax. 4 K That,

Report from the Board of Land Revenue.

310 8° Februarii. A 1787.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Produce, and Expenditure, of the several component jesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no Parts of the Landed Possessions and Landed Revenues more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from of the Crown, and these Possessions and Revenues the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven naturally falling under and composing Three distinct hundred and Eighty-seven, upon Lands, 1 enements, Branches, we resolved, for the Sake of Regularity Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Es- and Perspicuity, so to regulate our Proceedings tates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and Reports thereon, as to keep the Examination and Wales, and the Town of Bencick upon Tweedj and Enquiry separate and distinct on each Branch: That that a proportionable Cess, according* to the Ninth is to say,

Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that First, On the Landed Possessions of the Crown Part of Great Britain called Scotland. granted by Lease.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Se- Secondly, On the Woods, Forests, Parks, and cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put Chases.

thereupon, agreed to by the House. Thirdly, On the Fee Farm and other Unimprove-

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First able Rents, Part of which are given in Charge from of the said Resolutions; And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. the Auditors of the Land Revenue, to be collected Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Gra- by the respective Receivers, in the several Divisions ham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the of the Counties in England and Wales', and the Re-Earl of Morning ton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So- sidue are given in Charge Yearly, to the Sheriffs of licitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, the several Counties, Cities, and Towns, under the and bring in, the same. Description of Viscontiel Rents, with other small

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other Branches of Revenue, by Process issued from the of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Office of the Pipe: This Third Branch is therefore Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, composed of Two Divisions of Rents, differently col- Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of lected, although in their Nature analogous.

Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Ge- The Novelty of the Examination and Enquiry into neral, Mr. Rare, and Air. Sleek, do prepare, and bring and concerning such dispersed Possessions, which had in, the same. not been collectively under the immediate Management of any special Board, would have left us much The House being informed that Mr. Fordyce, Se- at a Loss where to begin, or how to fulfil the Injunc-cretary to the Board of Land Revenue, attended at tion of die Act, by making this Report within the the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Time limited, had not the previous Investigations of sented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Two Members of this Commission, in the Years 1782 Act of Parliament, and 1783, under the Authority and Direction of the

The First Report of the Commissioners appointed Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, enabled us to enter immediately on the Execution of Forests, and Land Revenues, of the Crown, and to our Commission, by adopting the Documents which sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable they had collected and methodized on the several Ob-Rents: And also, jejcts to which they had pointed their Enquiries.

A Schedule of all the Manors, Alessuages, Lands, Thus assisted, we issued our Precept to George Au-Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by Lease from gustus Sebvyn, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Crown the Crown, as far as the same appear to the Surveyor Lands, to furnish us with Aluterials to continue the General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue; with an annexed Schedule (which had been first compiled in Account of the last Lease of each particular Estate, the Year 1782) down to 25th Day of October last, in shewing the Names of the Lessees, the Dates of the the same Form and Manner in which it had been di-Leases, the Terms thereby granted, and Expiration gested under the former Enquiry, thereof, the Yearly Value of each Estate by the latest This Schedule, which may be regarded as the prin-Survey or Estimate, the Fines paid for such Leases, cipal Subject of our First Report, contains a concise and the old Rents, increased Rents, and new Rents, Description of all the Landed Possessions and Reve-

reserved to the Crown thereupon. nues of the Crown, in England and Wales, so far as

And then he withdrew. appears to the Surveyor General, which are held by

And the Titles of the said Report and Schedule Leases or Grants, for the Remainder of long Terms were read. granted prior to the passing of the Civil List Act of

The said Report and Schedule are as followeth; 1st Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and not yet

viz. expired; or under Leases granted since that Period,

for Terms not exceeding Thirty-one Years, or Three To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bur- Lives; excepting in Cases of Alessuages and Tene-gesses in Parliament assembled. ments, which are allowed to be granted for the Term

of Fifty Years, or Three Lives, conformably to the The First Report of the Commissioners appointed Limitations of the said Act to enquire into the State and Condition of the To render this Schedule or Abstract as intelligible Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of die as it is comprehensive, the Substance is classed and ar-Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and ranged in Columns, under distinct Heads. The First other Unimproveable Rents. gives the Counties in Alphabetical Order, with a brief

Description of the Lands, Houses, or other Heredita-As soon as the House in Scotland Yard, formerly ments, demised in each County; — then follow the occupied by the Surveyor General of the Board of Lessees Names — the Dates of the last Leases — the Works, was repaired, and made convenient as an Terms thereby granted, and Periods of Expiration — Office, for entering on the Execution of the Powers the Value of the Premisses, by the latest Survey or vested in us, by an Act, passed towards the End of the Estimate, according to the Surveyor General’s Relast Session of Parliament, we took and subscribed the ports — the Fines received on Renewal — the old Rents Oath directed to be taken by the said Act, and imme- formerly reserved — the increased and new Rents sur-diately proceeded to consider in what Manner we charged, and to take Place when the old ones deter-might best discharge the Trust reposed in us. mine — and, lastly, some Observations applicable to

The General Powers and Directions of the Act be- the Alatters contained in the respective Leases. It is ing to examine and enquire into the State, Management, however suggested by the Surveyor General, in the

2 Observations

an Geo. III. $° Februpri 311

Observations at the Beginning of the Schedule delivered by him, that besides the Landed Estates therein concisely described, he has Reason to believe there are others not entered in the Records of his Office, which were granted by the Crown for long Terms, prior to the Accession of her late Majesty Queen Anne. These Estates, although they have been long out of View, will of course revert to the Crown at the Expiration of the respective Terms for which they were granted; but as the Particulars of such Grants could not be stated by the Surveyor General, we shall cause strict Search to be made in the Offices where we conceive the same to be enrolled, and use our utmost Diligence to obtain authentic Information thereof.

We shall forbear to make any further Remarks on the present State of the Crown Lands, until we have made our Report on the Management and Produce thereof; and we propose to observe the same Rule in

the Reports which we are preparing on the other Two Branches, meaning the reby, first to give a simple Statement of the several Objects as they now are, and to confine each Report, which we shall make from Time to Time, as Materials can be collected, to One Branch only. By this Mode of proceeding we humbly conceive we shall be discharging our Duty to His Majesty and the Public in the most expeditious Manner, because our Examinations and Enquiries on One Branch will not be delayed till the others are finished: And the several Reports, with our final Opinion relative to each Department, may ultimately be made up and connected together, in the progressive Order pointed out by the Alt.

Cha' Middleton, (L. S.)

Land Revenue Office, John Call, (L. S.)

Scotland Yard, Arthur , (L. S.)

January 25, 1787.

Vol. 42.

An

Report from the Boar^ of Land Revenue,

312

8* Februarii. A. 1787.

Report from Art ABSTRACT of the SCHEDULE referred, to in the foregoing Report of the Commissioners of die the Board of Land Revenue, shewing the Amount of the Annual Value of the Estates held by Lease from the Crown in ^and each County; and also the Amount of the Rents reserved on the subsisting Leases thereof, and of the Increased

Revenue. Rents, and New Rents, reserved on reversionary Leases, to take Place at different Periods, on the Determina-

tion of former Terms;

Annual Value Increased and new

COUNTIES. of Estates in Old Rents. Rents, commencing

Lease. at diff1 Periods.

Anglesey Bedfordshire - m m m 173 17 2 538 10 if 1816 4 l 28 6 11 37 i id 60 13 4

Berkshire - - 1,418 19 — 213 18 3 168 9 7

Buckinghamshire - - 789 n — 85 12 7 22 6 3

Brecon - 563 15 1 216 7 4

Cumberland - 296 4 81 114 1 — *

Carnarvonshire - . m Uncertain. 4 13 4 16 13 9i

Cheshire - - - 936 7 2 j 247 8 5 7 10 —

Carmarthenshire m 32 211 32 1 6

Cardiganshire - m 74 3 3 60 3 8

Cornwall - - - 900 15 3 I20 13 4 - 7 8 7

Cambridgeshire - 517 2 8f 104 8 4i

Dorsetshire - - 519 5 — 53 11 4

Denbighshire - - - 394 3 8 43 — 4 59 18 8

Devonshire - - 573 10 1* 212 1 7

Durham - - - 577 69 66 1 3

Derbyshire - - 719 7 2 13 13 4 46 1 6

Essex i - 2,897 5 4 4 225 2 7* 107 10 10*

Flintshire - - - Uncertain. Uncertain. 3

Gloucestershire - - 271 17 il 78

Herefordshire ' - - - 18 3 4 3 18 -

Hertfordshire - - - 361 15 10* 273 5 ioi

Huntingdonshire - 498 12 8 7 17 9 61 16 4

fScilly - - 300 40

Islands < Alderney - 116 16 7! — 13 —

[Man - & - 328 2 13 4

Kent & 5,178 12 10* 500 18 1 378 4 2

Leicestershire - a - Uncertain. 6 15 b

Lincolnshire - 3,574 12 6j 352 10 — 353 2 3

Lancashire - 426 13 4* 110 6 — 2 10 —

Monmouthshire . 75 10 41 32 15 7

Merionethshire - * - Uncertain. 2 13 4

Middlesex - - 61,024 11 11* 4,709’ 8 7 4,088 8 2 *

Nottinghamshire - - 582 15 8* 154 1 5i 8 18 —

Northumberland - 847 11 10 36 15 6 165 —

Norfolk - - 1,044 12 5 158 — 4* 62 11 —

Northamptonshire - 51610 — / / 173 18 9 4

Oxfordshire - - 460 4 6 140 8 —

Pembrokeshire * - 1168 11 6 8 5

Radnorshire - - 81 28 9 5 — 10 —

Sussex - - 152 10 4 40 14 6 29 18 4

Suffolk f m - 395 88 14 —

Shropshire - 38 12 — 38 5 4

Somersetshire - - m 50 11 15 — 14 2 —

Staffordshire - - - m + - l

Southampton - - - 674 3 4 183 1 1* 189 10 — i.

Surrey 6,969 18 2j 639 6 9*

Warwickshire - - 727 19 10* 156 — 3 r 25

Wiltshire - - - - 529 8 — 108 19 4

Westmorland 379 8 41 1 10 —

Worcestershire - 450 18 10* 76 3 4 438 7 2

Yorkshire 4,942 4 74 530 6 10

L 102,626 14 1^ 1 10,563 12 1 6,221 — 2i

besides Mines and other Property, of uncertain

Yearly Value. —

80 Februarii,

3*3

1787, 27 Geo. III.

ners of (( Croim j

e locreajed

ftenuinj.

*4 Md net

fornnitnosj

I' Ptnodj.

’ 310; '3 4 9 6 3

'3 ?! 10 -

18 5

1 3

1 0 io 10

A SCHEDULE of all the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by Lease Report from from the Crown, as far as the same appear to the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue; the Boar<1 with an Account of the last Lease of each particular Estate; shewing the Names of the Lessees; the Dates ^Lan<1 of the Leases; the Terms thereby granted, and Expiration thereof; the Yearly Value of each Estate, by eveuue* the latest Survey or Estimate; the Fines paid for such Leases; and the Old Rents, Increased Rents, and New Rents, reserved to the Crown thereupon; — Made out in pursuance of a Precept from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, directed to George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General, dated the 6th Day of September t'ySG.

INDEX to the COUNTIES.

Fol# Fol. ' FoL

Anglesey - - 3i4 Flintshire - 323 Northampton - 354,355

Bedfordshire - - 3i4 G LA MORG A NSHI RE - 323 Oxfordshire - - 355

Berkshire - - 314, 3*5 Gloucestershire - 323 Pembrokeshire *- - 355

Buckinghamshire - 315, 3>G Herefordshire - 323 Radnorshire - - 355,356

Brecon - - ’ - - 316 Hertfordshire - 324 Sussex - - 356

Cumberland - - 3*6 Huntingdonshire - 324 Suffolk - - 356

Carnarvonshire - 3*6,317 Islands - 324 Shropshire - 356

Cheshire - - 3*7, 3*8 . Kent - 324 to 326 Somersetshire - 357

Carmarthenshire - 3*8 Leicestershire - 326 Staffordshire - - 357

Cardiganshire - - 3*8,3*9 Lincolnshire - - 326, 327 Southampton - - 357

Cornwall - - - 3*9 Lancaster - 327 Surrey - 357 to 360

Cambridgeshire - - 3*9 Monmouth - 327 Warwickshire - - 360

Dorsetshire - 3*9.320 Merioneth - 328 Wiltshire - 360

Denbighshire - - 320 Montgomery - - 328 Westmoreland - 361

Devonshire r\ - 320 Middlesex - 328 to 352 Worcestershire - 361

Durham - 320, 321 Nottingham - 353 Yorkshire - 361 to 364

Derbyshire - - 321 Northumberland - 353

Essex - - - 321, 322 Norfolk - - 353, 354 1

16 4

4 1

2 3 10-

1 -

i 4

9

in

OBSERVATIONS.

Though this Schedule, as the Title expresses, contains an Account of all Estates held by Lease from the Crown, so far as appears to the Surveyor General, yet many Grants having been made prior to the passing of the Civil List Act of the 1st of Queen Anne, without any previous Reference to the Surveyor General, and which therefore do not appear in his Office, there is Reason to believe that there may be other Estates held by Lease from the Crown, besides those which are comprized in this Schedule. Grants of this Nature have, from Time to Time, been discovered; and it is presumed that others are existing, and may be found, on searching the proper Offices of Inrolment; but such Searches require Time, and are attended with considerable Expence.

The Descriptions of the Estates are necessarily given, in this Schedule, in very general Terms, in order to confine it within moderate Limits; but the Documents from which this Account is extracted contain ampler Descriptions of the Particulars of the Estates; and actual Surveys and Plans of many of them are existing in the Surveyor General’s Possession.

The " Yearly Value," expressed in the Column bearing that Title, is the Value appearing in the Surveyor General’s Books at the Time of the latest Grant or Renewal of the respective Leases; but many of those Valuations having been made at remote Periods, the Sums there expressed are not to be considered, in all Instances, as the present Yearly Value of such Estates, which can only be ascertained by a fresh Survey, or other minute Investigation.

The Column intituled, " Increased Rents and New Rents," contains all such Increased and New Rents as have been reserved on Leases granted since the Month of June 1769, w hen Directions were sent from the Treasury to the Surveyor General, for increasing die Reserved Rents, in certain Proportions therein mentioned: These New Rents are placed in a separate Column, for the Sake of Distinction, that it may be seen how much the Annual Income has been raised by that Measure.

The Time of Commencement of each Increased or New Rent is expressed in the last Column; respecting which it is to be observed, that where a Rent is increased, or a new Rent reserved, in lieu of a former Rent, the old Rent is to be paid until the Commencement of the new one, but is then to cease and determine; -and that where Two new Rents are reserved, to commence at different Periods in Succession, the old Rent is to cease when the First of the new Rents takes Place; and that new Rent is in like Manner to cease on the Commencement of the larger or reversionary Rent.

Vo I. 42. 4L ANGLESEY: I

1

£2,? 3?

iltl

? 5. S'

3

ESTATES.

Names of Lessees.

Dates of lest Leases.

ANGLESEY:

Lands in the Village of Clegeroge, als. Clerigogen within the Commot of Tallaboiion and a Ferry [ over the River Menay, called Southcrook

Ferry -.....-J

Lands in Dironwey and Clegrock, in the same!

Commot - - - -1

Two Ferries over the River Menay, called Llan-den, als. Bonydon, and Talvoyle, between Pen-. mean and Llanthoyn -The Profits of Original Seal and Tree Fines this County, and Carnarvon and Merioneth The Castle of Beaumaris, and Scite thereof

3

BEDFORDSHIRE:

A Fee Farm Rent of 40 Shillings, issuing out"! of the Great Park of Ampthill and Brock- borough, and Beckerings Parks, and other J

Lands..... -J

The Honor of Ampthill, in the Counties oP Bedford, Bocks, and Hertford, consisting of the Manors of Ampthill, Milbrook, Stepingly, Camelton and Shefford, Newenham and Dunstable, with divers Lands and Tenements therein -

The Manor of Biggleswade -

BERKSHIRE:

Divers Lands and Fisheries, in and near Reading -

The Hundreds of Oak and Morton.

A Messuage and Ground near Datchett Bridge A long irregular Piece of Ground between the Wall of Windsor Little Park and the River Thames -

Two Messuages in Borr Street, in Abingdon -A Piece of Ground on or near the Castle Ilill of Windsor -

A Pasture called Queen's Leaze, in the Parish of Bray -

A Messuage called The Prison House, within or N upon the Walls of the Castle of Wallingford, I in the County of Berks, Parcel of the Honor of I Ewelme, in the County of Oxford, with divers / Cottages and Parcels of Land in Wallingford and I Ewe I me - - - - -)

Also the Warren of Ewelme; the Scite or Man-' siou House of the Manor of Ewelme; a Meadow called North Eytes, in Wallingford; and a Fishery and an Eyte on the River Thames there ....

Tho* James Ld Bulkeley

Sir John Tho* Stanley, Bar' -

William Lord Boston -

The Revd Luttrell Wynne, ! LL. D. -J

Tho* James Ld Vise1 Bulkeley

Thomas Duke of Leeds. Vide the Counties of Chester, Kent, Surrey, Sussex, and York.

.John Duke of Bedford -Renewed to

Gertrude Duchess of Bed-' ford, and others (in Trust)

Robert Earl Granville -

fJohn Blagrave, and Henry! L Vansittart, Esq" - -J

Sarah Mucks, Widow -

Cha* Duke of Marlborough

The same -

William Tomkins, Gent.

Jane Mar ton, Widow -

Sir Tho* Reeve, Kn* & al. (in Trust for the Parish)

Robert Ilucks, Esquiro - 8 NovemT 1775

37 March 1773

13 June 1771

27 June 1764

ugNovr 1783 25th Febry 1783

13 July 1776

12 Jaurjr 1771

11 Fel/7 1773 18 Febr,r 1772

7 Aug1 1771

17 July 175$ 24 Novr 1743

21

27

5 Feb17 1770 March 1761

Fib*7 1761

The same -

by the same Least

Terms grunted.

Expiration.

.Yearly V*|ue per fewest Survey.

31 Years from the Date

Yr* from 13 Deer 1772 24^ Yr* from 30 May 1770

30 Y" from Jan*7 1786

31 Y" from the Date

31 Yri from the Date

For the Life of the Marq* of Tavistock, now Duke of Bedford, in Reversion of the Lives of the Grantee, and the Duch1 wOf Marlborough -

ffor the Life of Lord John < Russell, in Reversion of [ the Lives in being 31 Y* from the Date

21 Y" from 27 Deer 1780

31 Yr* from the Date 50 Yf* from the Date

31 Years -

48 Years from ioOctT 1771 21 Yr# from 29 April 1771

30 Yn from 16 Janrf 1761

27 March 1804

13 June 1801

30 Novr 1794

4 Jan*7 1816 25 Feb*7 1814

13 July 1807

1*5 —

8 9 2

17-----

132 19 —

4 4 —

18 Febry 1803

27 Deer 1801

17 July 1787 5 Deer 1793

5 Deer 1774

IQ Oct* 1819

Resumed.

16 Janry 1791

22 Y" from 5 April 1784. 5 April 1806

22 Y* from 17 June 1784 17

508 6 1i

28 3 2 i

357 5 9

{rather honorary than profitable

16-----

15----

40----

} 4_

Fines tuaid for last Leases.

35 -4* 740

420

520 —

Old Rents.

— H 5» 4 10 —

1 9 io|

2 1 —

1 1 —

9----

1,500-----

1

50-----

60-----

to----

— 14 —

— 13 4

26 19 7

12 14 —

1 10 — 10 10 —

568

— 6 —

2 10 —

2 10 7 10

220----

Increased Rents and New Rents.

Commencement and Cootiuuance if New Rents.

1 15 IO

34----

1 8 —

[ io 13 4 I 50------

it the latter Rent

22 15 6$

&44 13 2j

from 13 Decf 1772.

from Janrr 1786. from the Date.

ffrom the Date of the < Lease, to be pa* till the late Duke's Death.

(from the Death of the said Duke.

/from the Date o? the \ Lease, till 27 Dec* 1780.

from that Time.

(The publie Road to Windsor Town 19; over this Ground, and His Majesty has [directed it to be continued as it now is. 1 17 6 from 10 Octor 1771.

fThis Lease was resumed in 1779, ind the \ Ground is now in His Majesty's IVsscssion. fThe Surveyor General, in his Report, set a I Fine of £. 100 for this Lease, but it passed [ without Fine.

W.i ttl «»| W'uLlht

r 1 /

j-«i # »» — _ -

8° Februarii. 87.

o

o

o

oq,

o

10

Two Parcels of Land in King's Mead, at WalO singford, and the Inward Ward of Wallingford,! Castle -J

The Fishing of the Water of Tadpoole, alias DedO poole, and of several other Waters, Parcel of the > Manors of Cookhara and Bray - - - -J

A Piece of Ground situate near Windsor Castle

Farm of Shaw,"]

IS

The Scite of the Manor and divers Parcels of Land, in New and Old Windsor ---- -J

Also a Tenement and Land called Frogmore Farm, and a Capital Messuage, called Great Frogmore, near Windsor (Part of which' Premisses have lately been demised to S. Waller, Esqr, and since to Mr# Ann Egerton, as under) -The Scite of the Manors ef Old and New Wind-

sor -

(also a Farm at Eton, called Mustian’s. Vide Bucks.)

Divers Parcels of Land in Datchett Mead, and other\

Places neap Windsor.....J

A’Capital Messuage, called Great Frogmore* withl the Offices, Garden, and Pleasure Ground, thereto > belonging ---- -J

Sundry Parcels of inclosed Lands near thereto The Hundreds of Faircross, and Knightbury Eagle -

The Manor of Cookham, and the Manor of Bray j

BUCKINGHAMSHIRE:

Divers Parcels of Woods and Woodlands, with the* Manor of Burnham, all now converted into Arable Lands ——

A Messuage and Lands, called Sadock's Farm, in the Parish of Eton -

A Parcel of Meadow in a Close, called The Ward,1

in Eton Parish ....

A Messuage called The Christopher, situate in Eton, and divers Parcels of Land there - -

A Close called Cock Close, in Eton (upon which sundry Tenements and Shops, are erected) and a Parcel of Land in Southfield, in Eton A Piece of Land, called The King's Stable Yard, in^ Eton, with several Tenements erected thereon Tythes of Corn and Hay, in the Manor and Parish* of Din ton -

Mustian’s Farm, in the Manor of Eton -

(with the Scite of the Manor of Old and New Windsor; Vide Berksr.)

A small Close in Eton, with Three Old Cottages") thereon, late Part of Mustian’s Farm afore-1

said ----- -J

Robert Mucks, Esqr -

Jane Williamson, Widow Sydney Lord Godolphin William Aldworth, Esqr

The same - -

Penyston Port* Powney, Esqr

William Smith, Esqr

Anne Egerton, Spinr -

The same -Fulwar Lord Craven -

James Lord Brudeuell -

Edmund Waller, EsqT -

Anne Battie, Spinster -

John Bates, and Jane his Wii

Provost and Fellows of Etoi College -

Elizabeth Slater, \Vidw

George Bryer Matthew Raper, Esqr -jVeny0 Port* Powney, Esqr

t5Novemr 1775

1$ April 1767 -27 Janry 1695- -26 May 1699 -

by the same Least *0 Fcl/r 1784 -

26 May 1699 -

14 Aug' 1786 -

by the same Lease

19 April 1759 -

20 Febry 1784 -

7 May 1770 -

28 Sepr 1778'-14 Novr 1761 -14 May 1759 -

6 April 1757 -

31 Aug* 1757 -21 June 1773 -2p Feb* 1784 -

Joseph Goodal), Esq1

26 Nov* 17S5 -

20 Yff from 30 Jan* 1786

-9^ V» from 30 May 1768 60 Yr* from the Date 99 YM from the Date

D* ..

35 Y" from 8 July 1798 -

99 Yrf from the Date

14I Y" from 5 Feb17 1S21

*4* Y" from 5 Feb* 1802 31 Years from the Date -

12J Yr*from 23 Novr 1801

24I Y" from 5 Apl 1776 -

12 Yn from 22 June 1797 30 Yr* from 31 May 1762 33 Y* from 19 Augf 1775 -

46 Y" from 21 June 1756

50 Yn from the Date 18 Yr# from 10 Octor 1785 ifr YM from $ July 1798 .

21 Y" from 8 July 1814 -

30 Jan* 180G -

30 Novr 1797 -7Feb*1756, N.S, 6 June 1798 -

D°

8 July 1833 -

6 June 1798

5 Aug* 1835 -

5 Aug1 1816 -19 April 1790 -

23 May 1814 -

ioOctor 1800-

22 June 1809 -3 j. May 1792 -10 Aug1 1803 -

21 June 1802

31 Aug* 1807 -

10 Octet 1803 -8 July 18*4 -

8 July 1835 -

57 17 3----

26714. _

X17 — j 50 —

12-----

166 5

68 12 4

126 8

1/5 13 9

30----

130 10 -

18 6 —

90----

184 10 —

10-----

25-----

50----

t

1 5 —

220 — —

1

!»3°7-----

150-----

13a---- —

260-----

Nil

195----

190----

150----

200----

320----

20----

80----

169----

r 4 17 6

J 2 4 6

— 10 —

— 16 —

3 <5

7

5 —

6 8

2 6

1268

6S 4 7|

60 15 7r

and of 1 he casual i’foliia.

6----

7 10 8

36-

4 5 —

f — 4 6

I -

3----

5 — — — 4

/This Ground has been for many Years L in the Possession of the Crown,

4

6 17 6

15 1 3

6 5 —

\ — —

from 8 July 1798,

till 6 June 1798^ from that Time. till 6 June 1798 from that Time J

from 22 June 1797.

from 8 July 1798.

from 8 Ji^ly 181.4,

Geo. III. 8" Februmt.

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

O"

o

o

eg

rT

estates.

BUCKINGHAMSHIRE continued:

The Scite of the late Monastery of Burnham, and divers Lands thereto belonging -

The Custody of the Three Hundreds of Newport, called Dunstow, Mulsoe, and Segloe -

Certain Woodlands, called St. John’s Wood, in the Parish of Chipping Wycombe -

BRECON:

Seven Mills within the Lordship of Brecon, the Leyrewitte of the Feeding of Swine in the Forest of Divinnock, and a Fishery -

The Issues and Profits of the Original Seal, and also the Post Fines in the Counties of Radnor, Brecon, Glamorgan, Pembroke, Carmarthei; Cardigan

The Agistment of the Forest of Brecon, Pan the Lordship of Brecon -

The Lordship or Manor of llaya Wallensis

CUMBERLAND:

Scite of the late Monastery or Priory of|

‘ I

The

Lanercost, with divers thereto belonging

Messuages and Lands

ham, Spinr, in the Parish of Bewcastle All Tolls and Tallage in the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland. (N. B. These Tolls are stated to be Tolls for the Passage of Cattle thro' these Counties, from Ireland or Scotland) -

The Manor and Forest of Ennerdale, and all] Mines and Quarries within the said Manor and I Forest - -J

The Forest of Inglewood, with all Rents, Courts,] Royalties, Mines, Quarries, Privileges, and Ap-j purtenances thereto belonging -J

The Manor of the Soccage of the Castle^of Carlisle,] with certain Gardens and Lands in or near the I City of Carlisle ----- -J

CARNARVONSHIRE:

All Mines of Copper, Lead, Tin, and other Mine- rals, and all Quarries of Slate, Stone, and Lime Stone, within divers Wastes and Commons this County

All Mines of Copper, Lead, Tin, and other Minerals,] within the Commons called Lleckwedd Oyemant, t in the Parish «f Penmuchno -

"j

Namti of Lessees. Oates of last Leases.

| Edw4 Lord Vise1 Villars 3 June L69* -

| George Wrighte, Esqr - 28 June 1766 -

| Sarah Floyd, Widow - 26 Novr 1785

| Penry Williams, Esqp - 1 June 1749 *

| Robert Snow - 8 June 1758 -

j Thos Morgan, Esqr John Morgan, Esqr 5 Feb17 1770 -24 Sepr1776 .

Frederick Earl of Carlisle - 10 May 1777 -

The IIonbIeCath. Widdringtonl and Mary Graham, Spinr } 26 May 1749 -

Joseph Musgrave 1701 -

Sir James Lowther, Bari 3 Janr* 1765 -

The said Sir Jam* Lowther - 28 Dec' 1767 -

The said Sir Jam* Lowther - 28 Deer 1767 -

John Wynne, Esqr - 25 May 1745 -

Anne Rubinson, W* 2 June 1784 *

Terms granted'.

99 Y" from* Mich* 1705 -31 Yr# from the Date 25 Yrl from 9 Octor 1789 -

49 Y,# from 27 Vt\/r 174,7 -

19I Y,a from 27 July 1769

31 Y" from the Date 20 Yr* from 29 Jan'* 1787

11 Y* from 28 Jan*Y 1796 31 Y" from the Date

18f Yrl from Lady Day 1733

f99 Years, determinable on the"j Lives of Sir Ja.n'' Lowther, J L Jam' Stuart, and Cha* Stuart J

f99 Years if the Prince of Wriles,*1,) mc Ri«hop of O-nahurg, and \

I Sir Janies Lowther, shall so j long live - - - -J

For the same Term -

31 Yr#from the Date

31 Yr# from the Date

Expiration.

Yearly Value per latest Suavey.I

10 QcUf 1804 28 June 1797 9 Octor 1814 -

to March 1797

27 Janry 1789

5 Febr* 1801 -29 Jaarr 1807

28 Jaii^ 1807

6 June 1780 -

Mich1 1751 -

6 June 1776

2 June 1813

200-----

not exceeding the Rent and the Expence of keep~ ing the Courts.

60-----

73T----

439 19 *

20 6 8 30 9 3

213 7 —

62----

2a 17 8f

Fines paid for last Leases.

Nil.

200----

200' — ---

t,400 ----.

300----

1

Old Kents.

11 18 1

30----

43 G g

60 4 —

74-----

20 6 8

18 10 —

40-----

— 10 —

2-----

Increased Rents and NewcRfems.

and of the Profits

Commencement and Continuance of Newt Kents.

1 — i

Os.

V

20 17 8| and Tf7 of the Profits of the Mines and

Quarries.

✓These Estateaare now lost to — " 13 4 the Crown, Sir James Low-

4 of the Profits of the Lands, Acc. and ther not having been able to -ITT D°of the Mines. recover the Possession there-

of from the Duke of Port-

50 —

} of the Profits of the Lands, and x* of the Mines.

land. The Contest respecting them was finally determined . at the Summer Assises for Cumberland, in 1776.

— 10 — and of the Profits.

— 6 8

__ 168 from the Date,

* J and 15 — per Ton for Lead Ore,

U* 1 — 8 _ ^er Ton for Calamine.

I and 7V of Copper and other Minerals.

8* Februarii: 1787.

vv.*v,-.

w-

..l\,ov

/V »>«

CD

o

o

rT

,o

r

All Mines of Copper, Ac1, within the Commons in" the Parish of Lysfaen

The Profits of Original Seal, &c\ in Carnarvon, Anglesea, and Merioneth T -All Mines of Copper, &c\ within the Wastes be-"l longing to the Townships of Llandiniolen, Llan- hrug, and several others, within the Manor of I Snowden ---- - -J

All Mines of Copper, &c\ within the Wastes be-"] longing to the Townships of Llanfihangel, Llanlufui, and divers others -1

All Mines within the Mountain called Cwmdu, in the Parishes of Berthcelert, Bettws, and Llan-lifui - -

Tbt Hundred of Ucbaf, otherwise Hchuphe, and all Mines within the Parishes of Llanltchid and Dwygyfylchi, in the said Hundred -

Christopher Butler, Esqr

The Revd Luttrell Wynne,7 LL.D. -j

William Bodville, Esqr

Sir Lynch Salusbery Cottoe/i and Sir John Wynne, Bar'J

Tho* Brown and Wm Rollings Richard Lord Penrhyn

CHESHIRE:

All Fines upon Alienations and Surrenders within^ the Manor of’Macclesfield, and all Heriots, Reliefs, Perquisites of Courts, and other Profits therewith demised -

T.he Office of B^ylifle of the Hundred of Northwich, with, the Issues and Profits thereof -And the Fraternity or Friery of Ively, and all Profits and Advantages thereto belonging - - - /

The Hundred of Nantwich, or Office of BayliflFe of the said Uundred -

The Hundred of Uroxton, or Office of Bayliffe of the" said Hundred - - - - , -

The Town of Middlewich, and the Farm of the said Town, and the Office of Chamberlain of the said Town, with a Weekly Market there -The Manor of Hanbridge, near the City of Chester/ and all Lands, Tenements, and Cottages thereto belonging -

The Common Bakehouse of Macclesfield, and alii Customs and Profits thereto belonging - -J

Two Lakes called Hatchew Meer, and the Fish"l Poole, in the Forest of-Delamere - - -j

Divers Cottages and Parcels of Land erected and inclosed from the \Yrastes of the Manor of Macclesfield; all Pits of Coal within the said Commons and Wastes all Profits of Courts for the Manor of Macclesfield; and all Mines (except j Royal Mines) and all Quarries of Lime Stone and* Iron Stone within the Waste of the said Manor -

The Agistment, Herbage, and Pannage of Delamere"! Forest, and certain Lands therein, called The Old Pale and New Pale - - - -J

The Hundred of Wirehall, with the Appurtenances -

Thomas Duke of Leeds

Geo. Jam* Eh Cholmondely -Frances Egerton, Widw

Geo. Venables Vernon, Esq* -

Rich* Lord Gfosvenor -Dorothy Ward, Widow -Philip Egerton, Esqr -,

Wm Earl of Harrington

Geo. Jam* E1 Cholmondeley John Glrgg, EsqT - »

-»« 1 7«, fit V» fr*wn »».. U.t. Jun* 111, 1- - -

24 Nov'-1739 > 31Y" - S - 5 Dec' 1770

Vide Anglesea f *

H July 1757 31 Yf‘ - - - - 14 July 1788 *

14 July 1757 31 Yr* - - - 14 July 1788 -

4 July 1765 31 Yrt - 4 July 1796 -

2 Aug1 1784 ffor Three Lives, therein"! L named -j ^*1 tie of the Hundred - Mines 14 7 unknown

13 July 1776 31 Yrt from the Date (on Surrender) 13 July 1807 "20 "1 < 6 1 8 . 18 18 4J m

10 Jan* 1776 31 Yrf from 24 June 1775 24 June 1806^ Tke Profits less thautbe Expences

1733 31 Yf* from 7 Aug1 1733 - 18 Aug1 1764^ Rather honorary than profitable

1 Deer 1756 ffor such Term as would"! \ make up 31 Years -J 1 Decern' 1787^ Not more than the Rent

26 Aug* 1784 21 Years from 29 Novr 1793 29 Nov' 1814 00 0 00.

16 Septem* 1785 24! Y1* from 28 Mar. 1791 28 Sepr 1815 30

io Novemr 1777 ("99 Yr#, if John, Philip, or"| < W* Egerton shall so long I [ live - - " - -J no Profit

25 May 1762 261 Y" from it) May 4766 10 Novr 1792 27

25 May 1786 71 Yrl from 30 Dec* 1808 30 June 1816 158

8 April 1786 27 Yrt‘from 5 April 1789- SApril 1816 1 15 —

II r t O d from i

f| / «.«»cl 15 --- T‘>

-J eoxi ,*« oi tO* < n --- ..rr T-o

U l'rolil*. L M««i tV «-»< O. |.p.i

liie Date, on for l.and Or*,

Ton for Ciilnintiis,

»w«'l wliirr 5iin*r<d*.

— . 6 8? and of the Profit*;

a — — and of the Ore. i----- and of the Ore.

o.

W

— io — and t1* of the Profits.

- for the.Hundred 14 7 if from the Date.

Mines - 1----- per Ann.

— 15 — per Ton for Lead Ore* and - — 8 — per Ton for Calamine.. and.^ Part of Copper and other Minerals.

Vide Bedfords'.

6 19 4

3 «4 6 5-----

- 7 6. 8

f 21 1 —

' I — 5 —

1,800 —

50 4 6

100-----

2 8 —

3 15 — from 28 Mar. 179U

5

10 6

140-----

2 10 —

— 68 and -ru of k the Profits.

13°

----- I

43 10 —

and 5----- for a Heriot on the Death of every Tenant.

2 11 8 J

g

te:

1

n'

0

CL

CJ

ESTATES.

CHESHIRE continued:

All the Prie and Post Fines, and Profits of Fines,'! of Lands in the County of Chester, City of Chester, and County of Flint -

The Hundred of Edisbury, and all Profits thereto* belonging . -J

The Hundred of Bucklow -

1 he Manor and Borough of Macclesfield; the Royalty" of digging Coal, Peat, and Jurf; the Profits of Two Fairs Yearly, and all Courts belonging to the said Manor; and all Commons and Wastes, and Encroachments thereon - " *

Divexs Messuages and Gardens in the City of Ches- ter, and also divers Annual Fee Farm or Free1. Rents - - - - -J

A Close called Southfield, in Ilandbridge, near the\ City of Chester -

CARMARTHENSHIRE:

Names of Lessees.

t*'

Tho* Hunt, Esqr-

Earl of Rivers - -

Samuel Egerton, EsqT -

itl,.

Wm Earl of Harrington

/ t

John Green, Gent. -Martha Hincks, W° -

1

Dales of last Leases.

/4.:.r:ou» p

All those Manors of Oysterlowe, Trayney, Clinton'! and S* Cleers, Trayney Marth and Sl Cleers, and I Trayney Morgan and S* Cleers -J

A Water Corn Mill at Eccleskcnning -The ancient Custom of Amobrage and Raglote, and'j all Fines, Amerciaments, and Heriots, within the ( Manors or Commots of Mallaync, CayoMabelview, I jViabeldrud, and Ke thy nock Forest - - -J

CARDIGANSHIRE:

fP*i f.f

The Fines, Amerciaments, Heriots, and other casual Profits, within the Coramot of Mavon, als. Maya-non Gwinioneth Uchard, in Generglyn, Cruthin, Perveth, Mavenish, and Haniniock, and in the Town of Cardigan and Aberystwith; also the Custom called Letherwit, for the said Commot; also all Perquisites of Courts within the Towns of Pembroke, West Pembroke, East Pembroke, S* Florence, Ejulyrt, Diffimbrian, Manordevy Castle, aftd the lordship of Haverford West, Kafchpoole Stinton, S* Jshiuaels, Camros, and Rowse, in the County of Pembroke -

Certain Lands called Keveny Maes, within the'i Manor of Iscoyd, Gwinioneth, and Elswhere; I also a Custom called Kerch March, payable by ( the Free Tenants ----- -J

All Mines within the Wastes of the Manor of Cwm-'| wQ*dy Perveth, in the Parish of Llanbaddam'

George Rice, Esqr John and Eliz1 Thomas

i 11

John Evans

vaur

-j

3 Deer 1763

16 May 1706 -

23 Aug* 1765 -

2y Novr 1765 -

- I It) r'chtcmL I 6 Deer 1776

:\1 Yi,r 4 March 1784 -

Term# granted.

1 Ft

10 Decemr 1751

- 1698 " 1695

John Adams, Esqr

The said John Adams

22 Septr 1777 *

1I

Charles Richards, and William Corbet, Esqr* -

22 Novr 1777 . l July 1741

/... Aj p;c. ry

31 Yri from the Date

99 Yr*determinable on3 Lives 31 Yn from the Date

31 Years -

y t.

31 Yr* from 10 Octor 1774 31 Yrl from the Date

n»i. pv;

1" T:

n." f 1

For the Lives of Geo. Rice, George Boscawen, and Anne Boscawen -31 Y* from the Date

For 31 Years -

if \ l'-

?; 14 / voiu j

26$ YP from 18 July 1781

29 Yrt from 10 Octor 1778

31 Years

Ilf /

Expiration. Yearly Value per latest Survey.

3 Dec' 1794 - 124 1 lof

-| 23 Aug* 1796 The Rent deemed the full Value No Profit -

29 Novr 1796 uncertain - -T 7- f.i^j

10 Octor 1805 . 50 2 —

q . 4 March 1815 20 — —

:i:

- 1 - 1729

- 1726

W* i»

26 Janr» 1808

10 Octor 1807

x i

M luly >773-

i*B

1

28 2 11

4 H —

18

9 t

nC — -~

16 17 3

» ' .

57 6 2

Fines paid for last Leases.

-J

650 66

f- .

2 *

1

350 6

l6o 2

a

- 28

' .

' 1

- >

*Oo

Old Rents.

Increased Rents and New Reuts.

.Commencement and Continuance of New Rents, Vy.

1---- and \ of the Profits.

n 11 —

2------

5----

5 1 —

-1

315 — from the Data.

I-

1

h X

X

This Sum of £.25.1, is not reserved as a Rent upon this Lease, but consists of a Number of small Rents, which the Lessee covenants to collect and pay to the Receiver General.

and -tb of the Profit?.

V‘

J\

g

eg'

r — +

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

0§

?r

t*

The Wear and Fishery of Gillgaran, between this 1 County and Pembrokeshire - - - -J

Mwyn, within the

A Lead Mine, called Esgair y Manor of Mavennith

The Manors of Mavennith and Croytlifn, and all] Mines and Minerals within the said Manors I (except Esgair y Mwyn Mine, and all other Mines before in Lease) J

CORNWALL:

The Manor of Carnanton, with the Appurte-" nances -

The Manor of Ryulton and Retraigh, with divers Messuages, Laiids, and Tythes therein; also the Bayliwick of the Hundred of Petrockshire, als. Pidershire, als. Pider, and all Courts thereto belonging

All Tin Mines within the said Manor hnd\ Hundred - - - - < -J

CAMBRIDGESHIRE:

Extraparochial Tythes in Bedford Level, and ottjerl Levels, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, I Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Lincoln - - -J

The Honor of Clare (vide Norfolk)

The Scite of the Mansion House or Palace of Roy-" ston, and Four Tenements there (certified to consist of only a Quarter of an Acre of Ground, with Five Cottages and a Bam thereon)

The Office of Feedary or Bayliffe of the Honor of Richmond, in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, Hertford, and Essex - -

The Ground where the Old Palace at Newmarket formerly stood, with several Tenements thereon

Also a House caHed Hare Park Lodge, near Newmarket -

'The Manor of Burwell, with the Lands, Tythes/ and Hereditaments thereto belonging -

DORSETSHIRE:

The Third Part of the Demesne Lands of the" Forest of Gillingham, consisting of Four Farm Houses, and about 800 Acres of Land 3 Portions of Tythes in Bestwali, late Parcel 01 the Monastery of Sheen -The Demesne Lands within the Manor of Port-" land, and a Moiety of a Duty of 12 d. per Ton for all Stone raised in the said Lands -A Tenement and Ground near the 'Shambles, the Market Place of the Town of Cera Abbis

4

Ton *, in j

J

..J 1 4 uuijf I 773 -: -1 i' '; r" j ami of th

James Hamilton, Esqr - 20 March 1741 31 Years - S 31 March 1773 Uncertain 2 —: — and f for the First i 7 Yr* j for the Re

I 10 \ maiuder.

Arthur Earl of Powis -Arthur Earl of Powis - 20 Deer 1764 a April 1757 31 Years- . -31 Years - 20 Deer 1795 2 April 1788 IT - - D° - - - — 5 — find f of the Ore 1 and 1 and 1 and-rgof theOre 1 for the J Manors. \ for the j Mines.

John Buller, Esqr, and Dr. \Vm'\ Buller (in Trust) - -J 26 Novr 1785 15 Y" from 22 Fel/* 1801 22 Febrr 1816 50 111 no — IS 4 6187

Francis Lord Godolphin 20 Fclirf 1784 24$ Yri from 7 Feb^ 1790 7 Aug1 1814 850 13 4 5,680 120

Francis Lord Godolphin 28 Jan1* 1785 31 Y" from the Date 28 Janr* 18x6 Ab* 5 or £.6. - f A of the] j Profits of y the Tin. J — 10 — ] and of / all the Tin. J

Henry Earl of Lincoln 19 July 1748 X 31 Years* - - - 3° July 1779 Uncertain - of the Profits

John Minchin - 9 Aug1 1753 50 Yr* from the Date 9 Aug* 1803 10-- 20 — 6 8

Thomas Parker, Esqr - 15 March 1766 31 Yr* from the Date 15 March 1797 34 3 9 100 — — 19 5 4

Cha* Marquis of Granby, and"! others - „ - - -j 17 Novr 1757 To bold a Part of the Pre-"| misses for 36 Y'ears, from 1 4 April 1771 - -1 And the Remainder for 31H Yr‘ from 2 Sepr 1775 J 4 April 1807 2 March 1807 112 150 f >°-r -,o - 1 — 34

The Rev4 W Affleck, Clk - 28 Febrjr 1776 16 Yr* from 27 Feb* 1790 27 Febrr 1806 360 18 nf 900 74 3 — f

The Revd Jn° Fullarton, Clk 14 Novr 1774 to Yrs from 8 June 1795 8 June 1805 402 10 — 320 32 lO

Marg* Sampson, Sp. - 25 Octor 1759 30J Yrl from 10 Octor 1759 5 July 179° 20 200 — 6 8

John and Rich4 Tucker, Esq1* 2 April 1773 19 Yr* from Mich* 1784 Mich* 1803 96 15 — 300 r ,0 L 10

William Fosse, BtitclF - — 1689 31 Years from the Date — 1720 - Very small. - — 1 4

OO

/The Lessee was to rebuild the Wear within 5 Years, which, it was said, was not done, and that the Lease was therefore void.

from 23 Feb*

1775-

from the Date,

*-3

0

m

o

00

o

1

g

cq'

n'

0

Q_

CT

ESTATES. Nantes of Lessees. Dates of last Leases.

DORSETSHIRE continued: A Stone Quay, Pier, and Wharf, in the Waste ofl the Manor of Portland, and Liberty to draw Stone along His Majesty’s Road there -J John Arn< Id Wallinger, and! Wm Fletcher, Merchw -j 21 July 1773

DENBIGHSHIRE: A Parcel of Land called The Holt Castle Ditch,! and Two other Parcels held therewith, in the I Lordship of Broinfield and Vale - ’ - -J A Tenement and Lands in Kilkennis, within the T Lordship of Denbigh ---»<-? All Mines and Minerals to be found within thel Lordship of Denbigh - -j Thomas Clarke - Marg* and Catli. Salisbury Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton,! Bar* 21 July 1738 28 March 1760 10 July 1760

All Issues and Profits of original Seal and Postal Fines in this County and Montgomery - -j The Rev4 John Itocke, Clerk 26 Aug* 1784

Certain Buildings under or near the Town Hall,! in the Town of Wrexham -J All Mines within the Wastes in the Hundred ofl Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton,! Bari - - - -J Margaret Waring 2 July 1763 26 June 1771

DEVONSHIRE: A Piece of Ground situate at a Place called The! Combrue, near the South Gate of the City of} Exeter ---- -J L* Col1 W" Newton 1 June 1767

Divers Parcels of Oozy and Sandy Land near") Plymouth, called Tothill Bay - - -J Henry Greenhill, 6c al. 19 Feb1* 1694

The Manor of West Ashford, with the Appurte-! nances ---- -f The Forest and Chase of Exmore, with the Courts,] Royalties, Lauds, and Hereditaments thereto ' belonging ---- -I A Parcel of Land called Elmore, in the Parish of! Tiverton - -J Lord Villers - Sir Tho* Dyke Acland, Bl - The Mayor and Burgesses of! Tiverton - - -J 3 June 1692 4 March 1784 21 June 1693

Divers I^nds in the Parish of Stoke Damerell,! near Plymouth, purchased for fortifying the Citadel of Plymouth - - - - -J Major John Yeo - 19 Nov. 1770

DURHAM: Four Prebends heretofore founded in the Colle-! giate Church of Aukland, within the Bishop-> rick of Durham - - - -J Several Messuages and Gardens in the Parish of! Saint Andrew, Aukland - -J Sir Johu Eden, Bari -Jane Williamson, Wp 8 April 1773 t6 April 1767 -

J\.H A/it\cs 01

r r'o/i7 It* Lamojoii

i ch hi that 'I I

Terms’ granted.

Expiration.

Yearly Value per latest Survey,

50 Years -

3o£ Y" from 2 Novr 1737

24 Yr# from July 1766 ,

25 Yrl from 23 Feb^ 1766

31 Yr# from 5 April 1783

50 Yw from 5 Sepr 1756 27I Yr# from 25 Feb^ 1771

31 Years from the Date 60 Years -

f for 99 YTi after 25 Years 1 \ from 28 Novr, 22 Cha* 2./

10 Y* from 1 Aug* 1804 99 Yn from the Date -

During His Majesty’s Pleasure

29I YM from 3 Octof 1773 28J Yn from 5 Ap1 1769

21 July 1823 -

13 May 1768

4 July 1790 -23 Febrr 1791

5 April 1814

5 Septr 1806 25 Aug1 1798

1 June 1798

2 March 1755 9 Deer 1794

1 Aug* 1814 -

2 July 1792 -

5-----

26-----

219 3 io"

reduced by the Rents ( and other 1 Outgoings to - -

35 19 1

8----

(Uncertain) -

5----

T of no Value < at the Time [of the Grant.

122----

3 April 1803 10 Octer 1797

10,

J

Fines paid for last Leases.

10-----

IOO —

1,150 — —

Old Rents.

Increased Rents I Commencement and and New Rents. I Continuance of New Rrnti . w

— 13 4

&.2d per Ton for all Stone drawn as aforesaid.

- 8 4

8----

r — 13 4

and -rjih of [ the Profits.

11 12 — 18----

296 10 1$

m

150-----

250 -

5 10 —

510----

| 59 12 — 1 from 5 April 1783.

4----

— 6 8 and TVth of clear Profits

2 10 —

1

— 6 8 and -Jth of J the Ore

Jth of the dear Yearly Profits.] n 18 3

+6 13 ♦

150----

2,500

15

OO

o

1

f The Lessee never had Possession of J these Lauds, but the Lease was resumed* i in the Year 177*2, and the Lands ena-[ployed in the Fortifications there.

Vl

00

--- mmuwrt in Uie Co\lc-V

y C'\»urcU of Aukluml, within the Uitihop- '

ick «»t l^urimm -rvvl Mevumyn* i MHl /Vn>\i «v.

A C uriWn

i the I'eribh <

s?

Sir Joint V.itcn, ttur1

June >VvUintivtun( \V»

8 April 1773 »«S A|»ril 1*707

*gl Y'* from 3 °cto' 1773

V. fi-uuk 3 A|>* 7*®

3 April i8«3

o Octo' »7t>7

a5o — s ««.

2,500

a

7 16 -

i> 6

if 1.1

O

n

o

p

All Mines of Coal in Lampton Mills, within the V Manor of Softley - - - -J

And all Mines of Coal within the Common Fields of Wickham, in the Lands called Brickbarn Lands, or King's Lands -The above-mentioned Coal Mines, in the' Manor of Softley, were renewed to -The Coal Mines in Wickham have not been renewed.

Divers Parcels of Woods and Woodlands, within the Manor of Chopwell, with Powers to dig for Coals, Limestone, and all other Stone, within the Premisses -

A Messuage and Lands at 11 as well upon the\

Hill.....j

The Manor of Hallatreholme, Parcel of the^ Possessions of the late Hospital of the Savoy, some Time since in the Possession of Hugh Bethell, Esqr, and said to have been leased by the Master and Chaplains of the Savoy, at a Rent of £.6. 13 s. 4 d. but to whom, or lor what Term, is not known, the Counterpart of the Lease not being extant

DERBYSHIRE:

Certain Coal Mines in Alfreton -

A Ferry over the River Trent, called Willington Ferry -

The Manor and Demesnes of Eckington

4-}

The Manors of Mickleover, Littleover, and Findern -

ESSEX:

Divers Lands and Tenements, Storehouses, and' other Buildings, at and near Harwich, purchased pursuant to Two Acts of Parliament 8 & 9 Ann, for fortifying the Town and Harbour of Harwich -

The Manor of Havering at Bower -

The Messuage or Mansion House of Havering' at Bower, with divers Lands thereto belonging ....

The Waste Ground and Soil in the Town of Rumford, where the Markets and Fairs are usually kept, with Liberty of erecting Stalls and Pens, and receiving the usual Tolls and Customs -

One undivided Third {Part of the Manor of East Thorpe, and of the Messuages and Lands thereto belonging -

Thomas Neale, Esq*, and') Michael Thompson, Gent. - J 28 Aug* 1697 31 Years 28 Aug1 1728 -

Wm Lord Vise1 Vane - 1727 ~ 29IY* from 28 Aug11728 - 8 Mar. 1755

The Revd Henry Vane, LL. D.'j (in Trust for Lionel Vane, > Esqr) -J 14 July 1781 - gi Y* from 20 Novr 1802 - 20 May 1812 -

John Airey, Esqr 16 July 1752 - 31 Yr# from the Date 27 July 1783 -

j^Cha* Duke of Rutland, and'! others (in Trust) - - J Henry Seymour, Esqr 18 Novr 1780 -16 Cha‘ 2d 295-Yf* from 18 Jan'7 1782 f99 Yr# from the End of a'j J former Grant, if Henry ( 1^ Trel aw ney should so long J f 18 July 1811 j

The Rev* Ja" Wilkinson, Clk,l in Trust -J Lord Scarsdale ... i7JanrM783 -17 March 1762 - 11 Yr,fro5n 10. March. 1802 ffor the Lives of Ld Scars-] s dale, and Nath1 and Wm k [ Curzon, his Sons - -J 10 March 1813 - -{

John Robinson, EsqT ~ 25 March 1782 - ffor the Lives of His' Majesty, the Prince of < Wales, and the said ► John Robinson, resume-able at Pleasure - m »

Richard Benyon, Esqr - 31 July 1765 - 24 Y" from 23 March 177a 23 March 1796

Lord Robert Bertie April 17C9 31 Yn from Mich* 1768 - Mich* 1799 -

Anne Freeman, W* 4 July 1763 2if Yw from 5 Ap1 1772 - 10 Octor 1793 -

John Baker and Wife - 21 Deer 1771 - 16 Yr* from 20 June 1786 - 20 June 1802 -

f not then \ worked J

(Uncertain)

315 to —

6-----

Worked out) now leased a further Trial

400 -

30----

but "j d for S Trial. J

5 13 4

713 13 10

Rather honorary j than profua S

ble - J

240 3 6

fThe Rents thel full Value, J

159----

L250----

70 —

56----

*50O----

400

,30----

16 8. and £th of the clear Value

10-----

and £th of the clear Value

r 16-----

\ 1 is —

4-----

2-----

6 13 4

5-----

{‘llz*

53 13 4

2-----

14-----

j

26 12 6 till 20 Novr 1802. and y of the Profits of the CoaL

39 9

46 1 6

0=

from 20 Novr 1802.

from 10 March 1774.

from the Date of the Lease.

1

The Surveyor General set a Fine of £. 1,200, which was reduced to^.500 in Recompence for the Loss of the Keepership of Havering Park.

27 Geo. III. 8°

? (-§ I

ESTATES.

Names of Lessees.

g

eg'

n

CD

CL

cr

o

o

fT

ESSEX continued:

A large Parcel of Waste Land, called Typtree Heath Philip Bennett, Esqr

Lands in Westhainalt Walk, in the Forest of I Waltham (now called Fencepiece Farm) in the< Parish of Barking - - - - -1

A small Parcel of Waste Land at Bower, within") the Manor of Havering -Divers Parcels of Woodlands, in the Parish Barking (the Wood long since grubbed up) Several Messuages or Cottages in Westhain and*) Stratford Langton - - -I

The Hundred of Chafford, and Office of Steward!

and Bayliffe of the saicj Hundred A Piece of Waste Land in Epping Walk, in the! Forest of Waltham -

The Office of Bayliffe of the Hundreds of Hinck-") ford and Bars table - - * -J

Fra* Biddulph, Jam* Cocks, and Tho# Somers Cocks, Esqr# -

Jeremiah Brock, Gent. -Tho* Whitehead -Hugh Bantocfc -Jasper Kingsman Thomas Webster, Esqr -

Sir Jobh Sparrow, Kn* -

The free Liberty and Authority to erect and main*’ tain Lighthouses or Beacons at Harwich, and to collect One Penny per Ton of all Vessels receiving Benefit the Veby -

N. B. The Ground on which these Lighthouses stand belongs to the Crown, and is included in Mr. Robinson’s Grant above mentioned.

A Messuage and Lands called Wallwood, in the") Parish of Low Layton -Three Fourth Parts of the Park of Havering, with Three Messuages or Lodges thereon The Hundreds of Dengee and Thurstable, and the Office of Bayliffe of the said Hundreds The Manor of Westhain, with the Rights, Members, and Appurl* -

Sir Isaac Rebow -

n

The Lordship or Manor of Dengee, otherwise Dengy, and all Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, and the Patronage and Church of Dengee -

A Parcel of Ground, Part of the Soil or Bed of a"| certain'Creek, called Leigh Swatch, near the J* Town of Leigh (intended for an Oyster Fishery) - J

A Parcel of Land called Knighton Wood, in the Parish of Woodford

The Manor of Stapleford, With divers Messuages"! and Lands, within and belonging thereto - -J

Dorothea Owsley, Spinr

John Hampden and Thomas"! Covell - - - - J

John Cooke George Booth, Esqr

Simon Fanshaw, Esqr and Henry Meriton

Tho* Ilarridge and others

Luke Exall Bamford -

Rob1 Earl Granville

Dates of last Leases. Terms granted. Expiration. Yearly Value per latest Survey, Fines paid for last Leases. Old Rents.

10 May 1744 - 31 Vr# from the Date 21 May 1775 - (Uncertain) m m and -} of the

12 March 1782 - nf Yn from 21 F$br7 1801 21 Aug* 1812 - 50 70 7 3 4

5 Deer 1763 - - 29! Yri from 11 Octr 1764 5 April 1794. (merely Ornamental) } - — 5 —

21 Deer 1784 - 2* Yr$ from May 1793 - 4 May 1815 28 17 6 100 4 10 —

13 Aug1 1773 - 47, Yn from 27 May 1776 - 27 May 1823 " 20 80 3

— 1689 - 24 Yr* from Mich* 1696 - Mich* 1720 3 I. 5s { 1 11 5f — 10 —

— 1706 - 31 Y from the Date - — *737 - 3 16 — 1 5 —

— 1706 31 Years - — 1737 - j The Lessee to Acco1 with the Sheriff for the Profits - — 6 8

2? Nov' 1707 Further granted, 20 March 1717 - f3i Years from Xmas. 1725.^) ] for 60 Years from the { j Determination of the pre- ( I ceding Grant - -J Christm* 1816 786 17 6 1,350 }-

16 Octr 1778 - 31 Y" from the Date (on Surrender of a former Lease) |i6 OctT 1809 - 230 14 — 400 — 68

13 March 1693 - 99 Yr# from 5 Deer 1705 - 16 Deer 1804 - 400 - 1

— 1689 - 31 Y" from Lady Day, 1689 Lady Day 1720 Very small. - - { 1 2 9 — 7 3

19 Janr7 1694 - 99 Yri from 5 Dec' 1705 - 16 Deer 1804 - 5*7 *5 53 Does not appear. 1

By Indre. of the Master and Chaplains of the Savoy Hospital, dated 23 Janrr, 3 Eliz. (1561) 600 Years from the Date. J Anno Dnl 2161 Unknown. 1 ' I 14 6 8 14 6 8 14 6 8

19 July 1785 22f Yrt from 17 June 1793 - 17 Deer 1815 - 30 100 10 — —

9 March 1773 - 31 Years- - - - 9 March 1804 - 15 - -

15 Aug1 1774 - 31 Years - 15 Aug1 1805 - 285 9 11 4,000 For this, and ano-j ther Lease, vide! Lincolnshire. J 4 Pepper Corn

s

Increased Rents and New Rents.

Commencement and Continaance of New Rents.

28 16 9

from the Date.

r'he Surveyor Gen* set a Fine of £. 3,700 in hU Renoir for this Grant, hut it naised

63 14

This Lease was surrendered, or directed so to be, the Lessee not being able to maintain Possession under it*

from the Data.

r’bese Hundreds were claimed in Fee at the Time of granting this Lease. The Fine set by the Surveyor General was £.2,700, but the Queen remitted one Half thereof, in Consideration of Services.

There was no Reference to the Survr Gen1 upon the last of these Grants, and consequently no previous Report of the Value of the Grant, nor any Fine paid for the same.

00

2 .

OO

g

cq‘

N

CD

Q_

cr

O

O

QjQ

o

.->w%.\tw\»«rrt, w uh r|»ve»» I v> n\ii» i «V - JV V. nil Ur-»vill« - - j t 5 Aua* a 774 " 1

FLINTSHIRE; All Mines of Lead, Coal, Copper, and other Mi-1 nerals, within or under certain Lands tying ini the Parish of Llanasaph, within the Lordship j or Hundred of Prestattin - - - -J t The- Hughes, Esq* 26 October 1782

All Mines and Minerals, within certain Landsl in the Parish of Gwaenyscor, otherwise { Gwainuscor, in the said Lordship or Hundred i of Prestattin - - - - - -J Edw4 Jones, Esqr 28 JanT7 1785 -

The Prae and Post Fines in this County and*l Cheshire ---- -J Thomas Hunt, Esqr - Vide Chester.

A Parcel of Ground, Part of the Outer Courts or Yard of the Castle of Flint, for the Pur-( pose of building a Jail thereon for the said! County ---- -J Sir Roger Mostyn, Bari, and*| others, in Trust for the} County - - - -J 8 April 1785

GLAMORGANSHIRE: Profits of Original Seal and Post Fines, in thisl and other Counties - - - - -J Robert Snow - Vide Brecon.

GLOUCESTERSHIRE: The Manor, Lordship, Township, and Castle ofl Saint Briavels, and the Manor of N^wlauds, I and also the inclosed Lands called Whitemead f Park ‘ - -J Earl of Berkley - - - 19 Novr 1777 -

The Forest or Chace of Kingswood, near Bris- tol - -J Onesiphoras Tindall - 27 Septs 1734 -

All Mines and Quarries within the said Forest*! or Chace ---- -J The same - - - - 20 Aug* 1736

The Hundred of Grumboldasb, and the Office oil Bayliffe thereof - - - -j Henry Duke of Beaufort 23Novri77i

The Hundred of Botlow, and Office of Steward*! and Bayliffe thereof - - - - -J Paul Foley - — 1690 - (

The Office of Constable and Keeper of the*! Castle of Gloucester, and all Fees and Per-} quisites thereto belonging - - - -J Nicholas Hyett, Esqr - 18 March 1765 j

N. B. Though this is called in the Grants the Office of Constable, there has not, within Memory, been any Duty performed, or Fees thereto belonging; but the Premisses held under the Grant consist of some Houses, and a Parcel of Land, of the Annual Value stated on the other Side.

HEREFORDSHIRE: Divers Messuages and Parcels of Land in Clif- ford and Huntingdon, in this County, and in Tenbury, in Worcestershire ’ - j Wm Lord V1 Barrington, and! } others, in Trust for UveiJ,) dale Price, Esquire - -J 6 Sept* 1783 -

_ 1 1 .

1* V-n. - fl A - 1 p (A l*<ppor C*or

31 Yr* from the Date 36 Oct' 1813- m m m 1 m m m ‘ ‘ ’{

31 Yr* from the Date 28 Jan^ 1816 \

31 Yr# from the Date 8 April 1816 1 a mm — -

28J Y" from 13 July 1779 13 Jaur* 1808 183 10 5$ 678 1 8 66 5

31 Years . - % 3 Octr 1765 - m — 2

31 Years ... For the Lives of Henry Cha* Lord Worcester, and Lord Cha* Henry Somerset, in Reversion of the Duke's Life ..... 31 Aug* 1767 }----{ " . Not exceeding the Rent - - I }- — 6 8 and Vo*1* of the Profits 6 10 —

21 Yr$ from Lady Day 1690 For the Lives of Benjamin Hyett, and Philip Williams, in Reversion of the Grantees Life Lady Day 1711 a The Rent the full Value 88 6 8 }- -200 2 18 4 f Without \ Rent.

29 Years from 15 July 1784 15 July 1813 18 3 4 IOO — — 3 16 8 I ~ 4

/ " tj da ♦

to /» , CI» jioC

brin^ ub/v to nmintain I’ottM^Mon uiu/cr it. uni (Ijv i i »

per Ann,

per Ton for Lead Ore. per Ton for Calamine. Part of all other Minerals, per Ann.

per Ton for Lead Ore. per Ton for Copper Ore. per Ton for Caulk £ Calamine.

i 3 4 and i 10 —

— 15 — and-J.

i 3 4 and l 2 — l 10 —

— 12 — and of all other Minerals.

13 4

from the Date.

fThis was a disputed Matter, and the Lessee was to try the Crown's Title; whether he succeeded or not, does not appear to the Surveyor General.

*3

O

w

o

00

o

1

Hereford.

Worcester.

V»

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

ESTATES. Names of Lessees. Dates of last Leases. Terms granted. Expiration* Yearly Value per latest Survey. Fines paid for last Leases. Old Rents. Increased Rents and New Rents. Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

HERTFORDSHIRE: The Manor of Hitchin, with Two Water Mills there The Office of Feodary of the Honour of Rich- mond, in this and other Counties - - -J The Manor of Hemelhempstead -Several Parcels of Land at and near S* Alban's - \V® Maurice Bogdani, Esqr - Tho8 Parker, Esqr Tho8 Hakey, Esqr John Field - 26 Novr 1785 -fVide Garnik bridgeshire. 30 June 1784 -4 March 1784 - 17 Yri from a8 July 1798 - 31 Yr* from 5 April then last act Yr* from ai Novr 1786 28 July 1815 5 April 1815 -21 May 1813 115 8 llj 219 6 11J a7 50 120 IOO 76 4 — i 193 1 101 4 78 from 5 Feb^ 1770.

HUNTINGDONSHIRE: Extraparochial 'l ytbes in this and other Counties The Hundreds of Towesland and Laytonstone,'! and the Office of BayUffe of the said llun- dreds - -1 The Manor of Stoughton Magna, with the Scitel and Demesne Lands thereto belonging -J The Honor ef Clare, in this and other Counties - Earl of Lincoln - Geo. Duke of Manchester - Peter Earl Ludlow John Fowle, Esqr Vide Cambridge. 12 Octor 178a - 22 July 1786 Vide Norfolk. 31 Yrt from the Date ffor Three Lives therein! \_ named - - -J 12 Octor 1813^ Less than the Rent and inci-dentalCharges. 498 1a 8 y 820 2 17 9 61 16 4 from the Date.

ISLANDS:

SCILLY: All those Isles called the Isles of Scilly, other-' wise Sully, and all Roads, Harbours, and Sounds, and all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Rights, Royalties, and Privileges thereto belonging Sydney Ld Godolphin - 25 July 1698 [*89 Yrt in Reversion of a! < former Grant, which ex-1 [ pired the 1st Novr 1708J ia Novr 1797 300 - 40

ALDERNEY: All that Island called Aureney, otherwise Al-' derney, and all Lands, Tenements, Rights, Duties, Royalties, and Hereditaments, thereto ► belonging, and the Advowsou of the Church and Chapel in the said Island - John Le Mesurier, Esqr 14 Deer 1764 - Cgg Yr* from the Date,"| j subject to be resumed ( j at the Pleasure of the f L Crown - - -J 14 Deer 1863 - 116 16 7! - — 13 —

MAN: Certain Lands and Tenements at Dal by, in the! Parish of Kirkpatrick, in the Isle of Man - -J John Duke-of Atholl - 19 July 1780 31 Years - - 19 July 1811 - 3*8 fbesides the 30 00 <0 e*

All Mines Royal of Gold and Silver in the said*! Island ---- -J WIGHT: Vide the County of Southampton. The same - 19 July 1780 31 Years - 19 July 1811 - I Rent. - - — 6 8 and of the Gold and Silver. *

KENT: The Manor of Elthatn, with the Lands, Tene-\ ments, and Hereditaments, thereto belong- J ing, and the inclosed Lands, called Ehham 1 Great Park, Horne Park, otherwise Lee Park,) and the Little Park, or Ehham Middle Park, with all and singular the Appurtenances thereof A Messuage and Lands called Nethercombe,! otherwise Eastcombe Farm, in the Parish ofv East Greenwich r - - - -J Sir Edwd W7innington, Bari,"! and the Revd Dr John I Dodson, in Trust for Sir f John Shaw, Bari* - -J Dame Char* Sanderson i8Novri78o -13 Aug* 177a - 7 Yrl from 5 April 1804 -9x Yf* from 10 OctoT 1793 5 April 1811 -5 April 1803 - \ 1,807 5 248 9 5 1,850 250 J53 3 4 4* J7 8 225 18 4 from 5 April 1S04. 1

oo

4>

00

o

r

oo

g

cq'

r-f

n'

CD

Q-

cr

o

JO

The Scite and Manor Place of Gillingham, with divers Marsh Lands and Wood Lands there The Manors of East Farleigh and East Peckham, and the Rents of Assize within the said Manors A Piece of Ground on Croomshill, in the Parish of East Greenwich, with a Messuage thereon The Manor or Farm of Neat’s Court, and seve ral other Tenements and Lands in the Isle of Sheppey -

Divers Messuages in Chatham, about 116 in' Number, with several Parcels of Land in Chatham, Gillingham, and Brompton, purchased by virtue of Two several Acts of Parliament, in the 8th and 91I1 Years of Queen Anne, for fortifying the Town, Harbour, and Yards of Chatham, were demised to -

In 1775> the above-mentioned Lease to Mrs"/ Turner was resumed, Part of the Premisses employed in the Public Service, and the Residue demised to - - - - -J

Divers- Lands, formerly belonging to the lateT Monastery of Dover, called the Maison Dieu -J A Parcel of Land, Part of a Close called Block- house Field, near Gravesend Fort, with several V Messuages thereon - - - -J

The Hundreds of Cranbrook, Barkley, Black- bourne, Sibbrittenden, Rolvendum, and Barn-> field Magna - - - -J

Full Power to erect, maintain, and continue" Lights and Light House upon the North and South Forelands, and to take all Profits and Duties whatsoever thereto belonging

Multon Lambard, Esqr Thomas Duke of Leeds Frances James, Widow

Mary Edwin, Widow -

Elizabeth Turner, W° -

The said Elizth Turner

Essex Gunman, Widw -Ellin Joynes, Widow -

Sir John Norris, Kn1 -

Sir John Jennings, Kn*, and others, in Trust for Greenwich Hospital -

23 May 1785 -

13 Febry 1776 -3 June 1766

15 Novr 1776 -i4Novr 1754 -

8 July 1758

28 JavfT 1785 .

20 July 1782

- 1729 -

1730 -

The Manor, Palace, and Park of East Green- wich ---- - -J

The late Queen Caroline

24 March 1730

A Piece of Waste Land on Blackheath, near Greenwich Park Wall, with Power to erect a Dwelling House and Offices thereon A Piece of Waste Grouud on Blackheath, ad-: joining to the Park Wall, and to the Parcel last mentioned, with Power-to erect a Dwelling House and other Buildings thereon -A Messuage, with Offices and Garden thereto belonging, situate ou Blackheath, near the Park Wall there -

A Messuage, with Offices and Garden, on Black heath, adjoining to the last mentioned A Shed or Building, with several Slips of Ground, adjoining to Greenwich Park Wall -A Parcel of Ground near the City of Rochester,11 with several small Tenements erected there-j*|

Harriet Duch1 of Bolton James Thornhill, Esqr

Rich* llulse, Esqr

Rob* Scott, Esqr Robert Watson -

Margaret Burgis, W° -

- - - 1719 -

- - - 1719 -

- 13 March 1784 22 June 1770 -

- - 1715 -

- 24 June 1773 -

J '

oo

21 Yrt from 5 April 1794 5 April 1815 237 9 1,180 — — 17 9 6

31 Yri from the Date i6j Yra from 10 June 1799 13 July 1807 -10 Deer 1815 62 15 52 fVide Bed-\ fordsh. 10 21 17 3 — 9

141 Yn from 5 July 1792 - 5 Janry 1807 - 260 470 2 l6 8

For such Term as wo-"' fill up the Re»nr of a former Lease to 31 Years (resumeable whenever \ the Premisses slio- be wanted for the Public Service) - V 14 Novr 1785 600 . 200 — *» —

f For 31 Yr# from the Date,") \ resumeable at Pleasure J 8 July 1789 - Valued at 15 - 5 ~ —

14* Y" from 29 Novr 1800 29 May 1815- 154 390 13 — 6

26J Y^from 5th July 1805 5 Janr* 1832 - 29 42 — 5 —

29 Y" from Mh* 1731 10 Octor 1760^ not exceeding the Rent. y- - 2 — —

99 Yrt from 13 Feb^ 1733 24FebrM832 i 1 0 0 - 20 — —

ffor the Lives of Wm"| J Duke of Cumberland, j Anne Princess Royal, j I and Princess Amelia - J 31 Years from the Date % - 1750 j of small Value, being then Waste. ft m } ' — 16 1 10 8

31 Years from the Date - >750 D° - - 1 —

17 V" from 10 Octo* 1816 10 Octor 1833 150 70 / — 6 1 1° — - 4

26 Yw from 10 Octor 1793 10 Octor 1819 75 80 - {

31 Yr#from 24 June 1715 24 June 1746 20 — — - 2 — - -1

50 Y" from the Date 24 June 1823 18 IQ 3 6 8

29 13 8

32 IO —

19 5-3 12 6

18 15 —

1 17 9 7

6

6

from 5 April 1794.

from 5th July 1792.

from 29 Novr 1800. from 5 Jans* 1802.

from 10 Octor 1816.

till 10 Octor 1793. from that Tim*.

Years taken into the Park.

from the Date.

o

w

o

00

*>I

r

£. nr* *55

<t tr a <

o o. e ~

*o'

B

6 —

N

Ul

g

CQ

N

CD

Q_

cr

ESTATES.

KENT continued:

The Manor of Northfleet, with the Appurtenances The Scite of a Building heretofore used as a Powder") Magazine, and several Parcels of Land lying V round the same - - - - -J

A Parcel of Ground called Muidenstone I Jill, in") the Parish of East Greenwich, and Part of the I

Waste of the Manor, with several Messuages f

and other Buildings thereon -J

A Piece of Ground, Part of the Waste of the") Manor of East Greenwich, for the Purpose of building a Workhouse for the Parish of East Greenwich ---- -J

LEICESTERSHIRE:

The Manor of Stanton under Bardon, in the Parish! of Thornton in this County - - - -J

LINCOLNSHIRE:

The Office of Steward of the Manors of Barton, Barrow, and Gouxhill. The Scite of the Manor of Barrow, with the Rectory of Barrow,

and divers Lands and Tenements within the said Manors -

Several Messuages and Lands within the Manors' of Barton, Barrow, and Gouxhill - - -f

The Manors of Whapload and Moulton cum4 Bewsolas, and divers Messuages and Lands in >

the said Manors....

A Parcel of Land called Poynton Cow Pasture, otherwise Goosedales, in the Parish of Poyn*> ton ——

A Capital Messuage or Scite of the Manor ot Ingleby, called Ingleby Hall, and the Lands thereto belonging All Tythes of Flax growing in Weston and* Pinchbeck -

Two Messuages, with several Cottages and Lands," in Barrow....

A Ferry from Barton upon Humber to Hull, and" a small Parcel of Land in Barton -Extraparochial Tythes in this and other Countie* ....

she Manor or reputed Manor of Hogsthorpe, and divers Messuages and Lands in Hogsthorpe, Anderby, and Mumby Several Parcels of Land in the Parishes of Mumby cum Chapel, Willoughby, and ln-goldsmells -

Names of Lessees. Dates of last Leases.

John Calcraft, Esqr 22 May 1770 -

Henry Vansittart, Esqr 21 Feb" 1771

The Trustees of Mordeu College, on Blackheath } 1775 -

Joshua Woodcock and George Moorhouse, Churchwardens of, and in Trust for,'the said Parish - - - - 1 5 Jan1* 1765 -

Lawrence Carter, Sc al. 13 Jan" 1767 -

John Uppleby, Esqr - 24 Deer 1763 -

rrho* Farr, and Eliz* his Wife 3 March 1772 -

Sir Sampson Gideon, B* 20 Feb" 1784 -

John Lord Monson 23 Jan" 1773 -

George Powlett, Esqr - 15 Feb" 1774 -

Judith Grimes, Widow - \2 July 1766

Christopher Nelson, Gent. - 26 Sepr 1761

Fr# and Mary Pelham, Spinrl 290^0*1778 -

Earl of Lincoln - fVide Cambridge* \ shire.

Richard Clitherow, Gen* 9 Octor 1776

Theophilus Buckworth, Esqr 20 March 1784

3

Terms granted. Expiration. Yearly Value per latest Surrey. Fines paid for last Leases. Old Rents. Increased Rents and New Rems. Commencement and Contiuuaoce of New Rents.

u£Yr‘ from 3 June 1788 3 Deer 1799 - 6 8 — »3 4

31 Yn from the Date 2\ Feb" 1802 21 - ‘21 —

50 YM from the Date 10 May 1825 28 >4 — No Fine per Act of Parliament I- - 9 11 4

31 Yr# from the Date 5 Jan" 1796 - - - — 1 —

271 Yri from 5 Aug* 1766 5 Feb" 1794 - Uncertain - 300 6 15 6*

( 2 8 3 4 10 —

15 Yw from 17 May 1779 17 May 1794 221 7 — 500 i 9 — 8 —

I — 12 —

17 Y"from *oOctof 1783 10 Octo* 1800 86 1 — 250 4 18 4 (5 18- \ 10 15 3 till ioOctor 1783. from that Time.

11 YT,from 8 March 1803 8 March 1814 997 7 9i 1,980 I /o 17 4f 13 H

23 Y" from June 1780 4 June 1803 - 65 250 2 5 — r 3 14 — 5 13 6 till 4th June 1780. from that Time.

15 YM from 9 May 1789 9 May 1804 - 271 4 — 700 5 — f 10 130 till 9 May 1789. from that Time.

ffor such Term as would" \ make up 31 Years - Part for 22 Y" from 5 Ap11770 Oth'Part for WY1 from lOAp11770 17 Yr# from 21 Mar. 1792 12 July 1797 (5 April 1792") \\o April 1792J 21 Mar. 1809 Of small Value above the Rent 43 12 7 45 } - - 180 80 {; 12 6 — 12 8 2 —

19 Yri from April 1788 4 April 1807 257 *5 — 650 47 15 —

31 YM from 10 Octor then last 10 Octr 1814 19 ao — 80 n 11 4 5 <5 *

8° Februarii. A. 1787.

Mumby cum Ctuipt-i, \V tY\ u^\\\»y tpldsmcYL* -

TUeopliilu* Ruckworth, Ksq» uo March 1784 yr. from 1Q Qcto' then lu*t

Oct' 1814

1 *> Jo

Q II

OO

g

eg

r — H

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

?r

The Manor of Wyberton, with the Courts and Royalties, Messuages, and Lands thereto be-

O longing....

The Seignory or Lordship of Angey Fee, being a Manor within the Manor of Spalding, with jQ several Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in

Southery, Ditton, and Denton The Manor of Langton juxta Horncastle, with alF the Messuages and Lands thereto belonging The Hundred or Wapentake of Lovedon, with the Office of Steward and Bayliffe thereof The Manors of East and West Deeping, and the* Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereto belonging -

The Manor of Epworth, with Westwood and Havey, and divers Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in Epworth and Belton, and elsewhere, belonging to the said Manors - -

Several Parcels of Land in the Parishes of Weston!

and Cowbitt -J

A Messuage and Lands in the Parish of Crofte

LANCASTER:

A Messuage, called Aldcliffe Hall, near Lancaster,* with the Lands, Tylhes, and Hereditaments thereto belonging -

Several Closes of Land, called Salthill Hayes, in* Clitherow - -

The Manor of Muchland, with divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within and belonging to the same -

Divers Lands in Garston and Agbeth, in the said1 County -

Certain Chantry Lands, Messuages, Tenements,'! Rents, &c\ in Poulton, Langworth, Chorley, [ and Walton, late Parcel of the Revenues of the ( Savoy Hospital -

All Mines Royal, and all other Mines, in several*! Hundreds and Wapentakes, in this County and

York....

The Manor or reputed Manor of Lostock, and'C divers other Manors and Lands in this County: To which the Crown, by Reason of the Attain- I der of Francis Anderton, Esqr, became entitled, / during the Life of the said Francis Anderton, I or until be should have a Child born - -)

All Mines of Copper, Lead, Tin, Iron, Coal, and pother Mines and Minerals, within the Commons Vmd Wastes within the Manor of Warton, otherwise Warton with Lindeth, or the Township of Warton with lindeth

MONMOUTH:

The" Manor of Wondey, with certain Lands and' Tenements, and a Fishery there

Sir Jos. Banks, Bari

William Welby, Esqr -

Thomas Bernard, Esqr, inTrust Geo. Earl of Cardigan -

Charles Bertie, Esqr -

John Hutton, Gent® (at the*! Nomination of Rob1 Earl> Granville) -J

James Sanders -William Drake, Esqr -

Peter Wilson, for John Daw- son, Gent.

John Parker and Wife -

George Sayer and John Sayer,' Esq" -

Topham Beauclerk, Esqr

James Massey -

Charles Barry

John Formby and John Knight, Gent", at the Nomination of Robert Blondell, Esqr

John Parkinson and others

Capel Hanbury, Esqr -

25 May 1786 .

3 Febfy 1777 -

27 Febrr 1779 -- - - 1716 -

21 Octor 177a -

24 Y" from 11 April 1791

10J Yri from 21 Febr* 1797

lof Y" from 5 April 1798

f99 Years, determinable on! \ Three Lives - -J

Y" from 10 Octor 1796

15 Aug* 1774 - 3l Yrs from ^e Date

18 Novr 1777 *

5 Octor 1778 -

13 July 1782 -

26 May 1781 -

17 July 1693

31 May 1776 -

By Indenture of the Master and Chaplains of the said Hospital, dated 5 May, 4 Eliz. (1562) —

7 May 1770

8 April 1757

8 April 1785

14 Deer 1759

31 Yr* from the Date 31 Years -

14J Yr$ from 7 Aug1 1798

18 Yr* from 21 Deer 1792

(99Y" from QnCathn Death*1 1 (31 Deer 1705, N.S.) J

2oJ YM from 22 May 1786 1,000 Y,# from MI18.1562

31 Years -

ffor 31 Years, determinable'j j on the Death of the said ( \ Fr* Anderton, or on his k having a Child born

31 Years from the Date

31 Years, on Surrender

‘.1

11 Octu* 1815

21 Aug1 1807 10 Octor 1808

{ 5 April 1803

15 Aug1 1805

18 Novr 1808 5 OctoT 1809

7 Feb, jr 1813

21 Deer 1810 31 Deer 1804

22 Novr 1806

Mhs.A.D.2562

7 May 1801

178 18 6

84 11 8

283 10 —

rathe rhonorary than profitable

371 9i

536 11 3$

33 1 — 90----

18 11 9$

22 l8 3 282 8 3!

3* 15 —

Unknown.

750 —

100

500 —

1

270-----

4,000 for this and another Lease. Vride Essex.

loo-----

8oo-----

40-----

8 9 6

30 7 4 4 13 4

4 3r

40----

40----

148----

Pepper ! Jorn. J

Corn,

1 —

— a 8

<53 15 —

10-----

— 10 —

4 1 —

35 8 9

/ >3 15 3* I 45 18 io£

178 17 1

3 17 7

11 5 —

fGranted at a Pepper Corn Rent; but after. < wards, by Decree of the Court of Ex-l chequer, charged with a Rent of £. 2.

f 1------

\and 1 -

30-----

N. B. The said Fra- Anderton, according to an Affidavit of one Wm Taylor, in 1750,was then a Widower upwards of 60 Years of Age, and had no Child.

8 April 1816

14 Dec 11790

75 10 4f

220 -

32 1& I

from 5 April 1796.

/"till 10 Oct0 1796. from that Time.

from the Date.

from the Date. D°.

— 10 per Ann. and tVh of all the Ores, Ac*.

o

M

o

00

c

Si

so o r* w

|?ii

K D- P

p-3

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

ESTATES.

Names of Lessees.

MERIONETH:

All Mines, except Royal Mines, within the Wastes' or Commons called Moneth Micuint, in the Parish of Linickill, or elsewhere, within the Lordship of Penlyn - -

The Profits of Original Seal and Praj Fines, in this!

and other Counties - - - - -1

All Mines, except Royal Mines, within the Waste J or Common called Briddell, in the Parish of* Towen ---- -I

All Mines, except Royal Mines, within the! Wastes or Commons, in the Parish of Traws- fynnyd - J

All Mines, except Royal Mines, within the! Wastes in the Parishes of Llaneltid and Llan-1

vackreth - - - - -J

All Mines, except Royal Mines, within certain^ Mountains, called Obeli or Robell Arrans, and Michnant, within the Hundreds of Dol- gelly, Penllyn, and Nanny Uch Avon - -J

MONTGOMERY:

411 Pne and Post Fines, in this County and! Denbigh ---- -J

MIDDLESEX:

A Parcel of Ground, called Mill Island, situate at! Langford, in the Parish of Harmondsworth,} with a Messuage and other Buildings thereon

David Davies, Esqr -

The Revd Luttrell Wynne,! LL.D. - - -/

Arthur Earl of Powis -William Middleton, Esqr

Fran1 Smedley, Gent.

Rachell Rawlins, W#, Eliz1! Baker, Spinr, and Ralph Lodge, Esqr - - -J

'The Revd John Rocke, Clk -Robert Mackoun

A Messuage and Garden adjoining to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea -A Parcel of Ground or Garden at Hampton -A Messuage on the South Side of the Road from' Hampton Court to Hampton -I

A Messuage and other Buildings at Hampton Court ----- -j

A Piece of Waste Ground at Hampton, on which j a Messuage hath since been built -

1. A Messuage, called The Toy, adjoining to> Hampton Court Palace -

2. Two Acres of Meadow, being a Bargeway by the River Thames -

3. A Messuage, heretofore Part of the Under

Housekeeper's House at Hampton Court; \ and - (

A Piece of Garden to the said Messuage adjoining, and held therewith -

4. A Piece df Ground, with a Coach House

and Two Stables thereon -

George Aufrere, Esqr David Garrick, Esqr William Foss, Gent.

Tho* Nobbes, Esqr

Mary Pratt, Widow

John Affleck^ Esqr, in Trust! for Sir William Dol be u -j

Dates of last Leases.

31 Deer 1740 -

Vide Anglesey. 13 April 1754 -

24 April 1761 -

22 May 1760 -

24 Octor 1770 -

Vide Denbigh.

4 June 1756

28Febrfi756 -

23 Deer 1773 -21 May 1772

31 Octor 1781 -

8 April 1785

15 April 1774

Term* granted.

31 Years from the Date.

31 Years -

31 Years - -

31 Years -

21 Years from the Date -

50 Yri from the Date

15 Yr* from 10. May 1810 24 Yn from 21 Octur 1779 32 Yrt from 10 Octor 1789

21J Y,# from 1 Octor 1809

26 Y" from 7 April 1808

N° 1. 50 Y* from the!

Date (on Surrender) J

12. 31 Years -3. 50 Years

4. 50 Years -

Expiration.

11 Janr7 1772

13 April 1785 24 April 1792 22 May 1791

24 Octor 1791

4 June 1806 -

10 May 1825 21 Octor 1803 10 Oclor 1821

l April 1831 -

7 April 1834

15 April 1824 15 April 1805

15 April 1824

Yearly Value per latest Surrey

6----

150

9

21

60

95

82

60

29

7

Fines paid for last Leases.

50

30

20

40

130

337-----

Old Rents.

Increased Rents and New Rents.

r — 6 8

Land Tyh of the clear Profits

/ — 6 8 \and Tyh of the Profits,

f — 10 — (

Land Tyh of the Profits,

/ — i° — i

Land *iVk of the Profits.

/ — 20 L and Jth

of the Ore.

2-----

21 10

7 3 4 1 3

10 — ,

1 6 8 it 17

f 20

1- 6 8

3 4 a 13 10

7 13 4 8 —

- - 2 6

Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

00

00

o

*>1

from the Date of the Lease

from 7 April 1808.

till 24 Aug1 1784. from that Time.

from the Date.

00

-a

OO

o

o

o§

FT

o

to

to

4

*0

A small Piece of Ground, formerly Part of!

Hampton Court Home House Park - - -J

A Piece of Ground, with Five Messuages)

thereon, lying between Somerset House and'/

the Savoy ---- -J

A Chapel and Vestry Room in the Precinct of the! Savoy ----- -J

Another Chapel and Vestry Room there

A Meeting House in the Savoy -

A Chapel, Dwelling House, School House, and*\ Burying Ground in the Savoy - - -J

A Piece of Ground, with several Messuages,! Tenements, and Cottages thereon, situate at} Mite End, in the Parish* of Slepney Certain Lands, called Highbury Wood and Little St. John’s Wood, near Islington A Messuage near the Hermitage Stairs at Wapping A Piece of Land, called RachelPs Piece, at Shepperton Broad Mead -

Note. This Land is Parcel* of the Manor of Richmond in Surrey, and the Rent is in Charge with the Steward of that Manor, and is regularly paid Nine undivided 24th Paris of the Manor, or re pultd Manor of Mary bone, and of Mary bone Park, and the Lodges or Houses thereon -

Fifteen undivided 24th Parts of the said Manor! and Park of Marybone -J

The Manor of Hallowford, with divers Lands' there ----- -J

A Messuage and Ground near Walton Bridge, Farcel of the said Manor of Hallowford -, Six Messuages in King’s Gate Street, in Saint* Giles’s Parish -

The Manor of Twickenham* the Capital Messuage* or Scite of the said Manor, and divers other Messuages and Lands thereto belonging -

John Huggins -

John Phillips -

The Officers of the German f Protestant Church -

The Officers of the French Protestant Church -The Dissenting Protestants, called Quakers The Ministers and Church-v wardens of the Lutheran, Congregation there - -J

Several Parcels of I.and within the Parish of Twickenham, and belonging to the Manor -

A large Messuage, with Offices and Garden, at __ Twickenham -A Parcel of Land, called Broom Close, in Twickenham - -

Robert Evans -

John Dawes, Esqr

\Vm Curtis and Ja# Trickett -Joseph Ayloffe, Esqr, fori Tho* Stone - - -J

J

Jacob Hinde, Esqr William Jacomb, Esqr

John Rayner, Esqr James Chauvel, Esqr Joseph Fisher

Robert Gap per, and John! Sainsbury, Esq" - -j

Loveday Spyers, W® -

Sir George Pocock, K. B. Majr Gen1 JaVJohnson

12 July 1718 -

3 April 1771 -

By Two Sign' Manuals

13 April 1733 28 June 1736 -

By D® 2 Octr 1733 By D° 3 Feb*!

- "J By D® 28 Feb.! 1766 - -J

14 Novr 1774 -

6 Dec* 1776 11 Novr 1778 -9 Deer 1703

20 Aug* 1772 -26 OctoT 1772

renew* 6 Maj 1780

21 Oct0r 1769 -

22 July 1786

1720 -

14 June 1775 -

29 March 1777

22 Febr7 1765 -3 Deer 1774

31 Yean

26$ Yrt from 5 April 1794

During Pleasure

During Pleasure During Pleasure

During Pleasure

21 Yr# from 19 July 1802

31 Yr# (on Surrender)

50 YM from the Date 31 Years

7i Yr# from 24 July 1795 7f Yn from 24 July 1795

8 Y" from 24 Jan* 1803

For such Terms as would*) make up 31 Yr* from> the Date - - -J

35 Yr4 from 21 Octor 1800

31 Years - -

The Manor for 31 Years!

from 27 Janrr 1775 -J The Manor House and) Demesnes for 9| Yr*i „ from 5 Febr7 *796 -J

31 Yrtfrom 5 April 1776

ffor such Term as would! V make up 50 Years

18 Years from 5 Ap1 1787

33 July 1749 - i — — - t — 6 8

10 Octot i8ao >37 120 — — — 10 —

- 20 — — - — 3 4

— 13 4

- Not valued. - 8

19 July 1823 79 13 4 - 10 — —

6 Decl 1807 - 150 37* { !-i

11 Novr 1828 14 " 90 — 13 4

9 Dec* 1734 - 5 5

24 Jan* 1803 478 2 6 54o — — »3 >5 6

24JanrJri8o3 796 7 6 94° 22 19 —

24 Janrr 1811 - 1,060 — — f 18 6 8

21 Octor 1800 160 — -- 47a 1 — 3 4

21 Octor 1835 20 40 -

1751 24 - 8

27 Janrr 1806 44 4 — 1 37® — [ 6 13 4

5 Aug* 1805 J36 5 1° and 375 — 573 5 8 J - f for the mesne I held over foi

5 April 1807 22 10 — 180 -

22 Feb*? 1815 250 220 t 3

5 April 1805 - *7 60 -r — -

386

17 2 6

till 5 April 1794. from that Time.

18 15 —

1 —

16 10 7$

57 >3 >«i 27 10 9f 96 3 4 at the latter Rent,

from the Date. D°.

till 24 July 1795. from that Time, till 24 July 1795. from that Time.

2 10

14 14 8 4 I

IO

from 21 Octr 1800,

from the Date.

7 10 — from the Date.

3 7

<4

o

to

O

CO

o

s

r

/from the Date of the \ Lease. hi

vo

J

o

o

OO

?r*f

I If I'

? 2

3

ESTATES.

MIDDLESEX continued:

The Manor of Edmonton -A Piece of Ground, with a Mansion House and! Offices thereon, in the South West Corner of > Saint James’s Park, next James Street - -I A Piece of Ground on the East Side of Saint 1 James’s Park, adjoining to the Back of certain Houses in Duke Street - -

Another Piece of Ground on the East Side o! Saint James’s Park, adjoining to the Back of Houses in Duke Street - -

Other Ground on the East Side of Saint James’s Park, between the Park Wall and Houses in Duke Street - - - - -4

Another Piece of Ground on the East Side of S* James’s Park, adjoining to a House in Duke > Street - - - - -I

Permission to hold a Slip of Ground inclosed! from the‘Green Park, adjoining to his House in4

S* James’s Place....

Permission to open Lights into the Park, and to place Rails before his House, and make a Bow Window to it Permission to inclose a small Slip of Ground from the said Park, adjoining to his House The like Permission -

The like Permission -

The like Permission -

The like Permission -

The like Permission -

The like Permission -

Permission to tal^e down the Park \Vall, in Front of his House in S* James’s Place, and to take in about Two Feet of Ground from the Park - ....

Permission to build a Bow Window in the Green*!

Park, at the End of his House there - - j

A Messuage and Garden, in a Place called The") Wilderness, on the North West Side of the Passage from Spring Garden to S1 James’s f Park -J

A Capital Messuage, called Marlborough House,') with Offices, Yuricfe, artef Gardens, sitokte on ( the North Side of Saint James's Park, nearj

the Palace - t - - - -J

Also, a Pieci' oP Oiotind* inPPUYMaR, now the! Fr6nt Cotfrt YahT5 to" Marlborough’ H6use;v wherfehh IbVnWHy- stdoti Fbflr TloUsfcs" - - J

A’ Messuage and Garden; nfckr the1 Srtabld Ykrd,l

b* Jam«83 J

Names of Lessees.

Dates of last Leases.

James Gould, Esqff

Richard Bull, and Peter Bui.) rel, Esqr# - - - f

Mary Hutton, Wid"

Matthew Martin, E§qr Cha* Lord Visco* Fane

Cath. Harbord, Wid" -

Geo. Duke of S1 Alban sf (vide fol. 351) J

Sir William Willis

Sir Geoe Colebrooke, Bar*

Sir Lawc# Dundas, Bar*

Hon*8 Geo. Venables Vernon

Will® L4 Visco* Gage -

Ww Gerard Hamilion, Esqr Cha* Anderson Pelham, Esqr llonb,e Hariot Marsham, and! John Pitt, EsqV - -J

The Honb!e John Spencer! (how Earl Spencer) - -J

John Pitt, Esqr -

Fred. Aug* E1 of Berkley

Geo. Duke of Marlborough -

The same ..

Cha# Earl of Harrington

5 Septr 1765 .

24 Octo* 1770

31 July 1770 -

18 April 1740 -

3 Jan^ 1765

4 April 1700 -

By Sign Ma-1 nual, dated 27 J* April 1781 -J

By D* 6 Marc hi

17*9 - -/

By D° 29 April!

i77» - -J

By l)°5 Deer 1771

By D#5Decr 1771

By D* 11 Aug*l

1773 - -J

By D* It Ang* 1773 By D* It Aug* 1773 By D* *6 July!

1775 - -J

By D° 3 Mar.l

*756 - -j

By D* 6 Nov."! 1783 - -/

5 Decl 1773

6 JuM 1785

By the same Lease

6 July 1781

— r Terms granted. Expiration. Yearly Value per ! latest Surrey. I [Fines paid for 1 ,last/Leases. - Old Rents* Increased Rents and New Rents. Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

39 Year* from 13 Sep* 17 17 Y* from 9 Mkrch 180$ , 13 Sep' 1795. March 1830 T I06 1 5. U50 — 1 1 ,050 too 6 13 4 10 r .* I 3‘ 5 — till 9 March 1803* from that Time.

35i I'1* from June 1784 18 Deer 1819 30 > — — 40 6 5 -

43 Y" from 7 Aug* 1746 t8 Augtii789^ 15 ? 50 — 6 8 '

14$ Y^from a 1 May 1800 fri Novr 1814 11st 40 — 6 8

4*f Y* from Christ* 1699 Mids* 174a - 9 >1*- - 1 9 it 6

During His Ma* Pleasure I - - - 1 — >3 4

No Rent.

m m ... . — 13 4

D° - m m ... - m 1 —

D* - — 13 4

1

D* ’ * D* - \ . > . t j r 1 1 . m . — 13 4 / -ij 4 I — »3 4

D* ..... i No Rent.

D* ..... — >3 4

23$ iY* fronr 13 July'1798- 13 Jau^r i8as 125 — — 6 8 f 6 it 8 1 31 5- till 13 July 179S. from that Time.

50 Yr# from the Date 6 June 1835 6oo r 30 — ( — 5 — 13 15 — J «> 5- f ffrom the Date of the \ Lease.

31 Y,# from D° 6 June 1816 - 1. J3 >5 — ‘ 13 '5-

50 Yw from the Date 6 July 1831 - 350 1,000 — {-n ;l } 43 >5 — from the Date.

O.

00

© -

s

ft

rv

-j.

00

Uy the name Lease

vVII'tCMn lOYmet-ly fetocVd Voi<r 11«> ** <A«irae«; »tur w

vVie ' SttiMrt Y Kvd

-Vi....

l_f\\ Ki

r 1 ot llurruigt<m

c

r

A Piece of Ground in Spring Garden, near the T Entrance to S' James’s Pail, with a Building late a Chapel erected thereon - - -I

A Stable Yard in or near Spring Garden, adjoining*!

to the Parcel last mentioned - - - f

A Messuage and Garden,’ inclosed with a Brick j Wall situate in S‘ James's Park, near the Stable [ Yard - - - -J

Several Parcels of Ground in and near S1 James’s Stable Yard, and the Green Park, whereon stood Two old Houses, and some other Buildings; and also a Piece of Ground taken out of the Park, with Liberty to build on Part thereof ....

:J

hote, After Mr. Errington had built large new House on the Ground where the Two old Houses stood, taking in V Part of the new Ground above men- / tioned, a further Lease of the Whole was granted to - - - - -J

A Messuage adjoining to S* James's Palace, near"

the Way from the Park to S* James’s Stables Two Pieces of Ground, with a Messuage thereon, in Saint James’s Park, near Duke Street, \VestmF . - -

A Piece of Ground with Four Messuages, in Duke' Street and Crown Court, Westminster -

Several Parcels of Ground and Buildings in\ Spring Garden, lying together, and extending from the Passage into Saint James's Park to the Admiralty, and from the Street called Spring Garden (including the Street there / called New Street) to S* James's Park, containing 34 Messuages, a Chapel, and a Stable Yard-.....;

A Piece of Ground, 10 Feet wide, for a Passage" from Spring Garden to S* James's Park -A Messuage, within the Precinct of the Mews/ called The Cannon Tavern ..

Two Messuages at Charing Cross, adjoining the Mews -

A Messuage, with a Stable and Coach House, Hedge Lane, adjoining to the Mews A Messuage at the End of Hedge Lane, next* to the Cannon Tavern, and adjoining to the Mews -

A Messuage and Ground, formerly the King's' Slaughter House, near Miibank Street, Westminster -

The Office of Keeper of the Palace of Wesimm- ster, with certain Lodgings, near Old Palace Yard

The Rev* Jn° Ja* Majendie,"! and ethers (in Trust) - - J

Edmond South, Esqr -Fra* Earl of Godolphin

Edw* Vise1 Wentworth, and'l Noel Hill, Esqr, in Trust) for Henry Errington, Esqr, j and his Lady - - -J

Noel Hill, Esq', the surviving"! Trustee -J

Wm E1 of Devonshire

Charlotte Countess Dowr oi Suffolk and Berkshire

Joseph Pratt, and others

9

Sophia Lady Clifford, and T. others. Executors of Lord> Clifford 'J

The Inhabitants of S* Mar-"! tin's Parish i -J

George Stubbs, Gent. -Edw4 Auber'y, Esqr -Henry Hawley, Esq' -

John Burnell, Esqr

William Barnard

Anne Blackerby, and Eliz*"l Wilson Blackerby, Sp" - J

30 June 177a -

26 May 1766 -

27* Aug11757 -

24 July 1770

3 July 1779

11 April 1693 *

28 Jan'r 1785 -5 July 1759 -

20 March 1779

--- 1699 -15 March 1771

13 July 1782 -

17 May 1751 *

25 March 1782 -24 Jan^ 1772 -

12 Novf 1756 *

31 Y'» from D*

so Y from the Date

15 Y" from 21 Feby 1807 30 Y* from 21 Aug* 1785 17 YN from afr Aug* 1790

9

The Buildings for such'j Term as would make I up the then subsisting J Term to 50 Years -J The Ground taken out oj the Park for 31 Yn y from the Date -

'The Part comprized uT| the First Habendum [ for 8>"* from. *4 July j 1820 - - - -I

The other Pl 27 Yr# from"! 24 July 1801 - -1

99 Yrt from the Date

For a Term to make up*] 50 Yr* from 5 April^ 1784 - - - -J

24I Y" from 10 Octr 1784

'Part for 25^ Yra from 20 Nov* 1802 -Othf Part 25 Y1* from 5 Ap1 1803 -Othr Part 25 Yri from 26 Feb'* 1803-Otb* Part 25 Yri from 5 Ap1 1803 -Residue 16$ Yn from 19 Ve Doer 1811 -

99 Years -27 Y*4 from 5 April 1793 $2| Yw from 14 June 1799 48 Yn from 25 Aug* 1752

16 Y" from 13 Dec 11815 3if Y" from 28 Octo* 1789 31 Yn from the Date

<5 June 1816 - J |- - |L - - I *3 *5

6 July 1S31 - 1 350 — — a .000 l{ " -:

21 Fcl/y 1822 60 — — m rn m 3

21 Aug* 1815 *93 200 7

26 Aug* 1807 350 too — — f — IQ — \ — <5 8 ( 1 10 —

24 July 1820 150 60

24 July 1801 24 July 1828 1 30 240 f At the afore-

I 24 July 1828 J 320 IOO - going Reversionary Rents of

22 Ap1 1792 - 80 - — - 10 —

5 April 1834 230 <S8o {1=3

5 April 1819 290 *4° 2$ —

20 May 1828" - - 2 — —

5 April 1828 m m - 1

26 Febr* 1828; 3, *30 1,800 <20

5 April 1828 ... . —

19 June 1828 J - - - - ( 1

- - - 1798 - - — 6 8

5 April 1820 - 55 40 *3 *5 —

14 Dec* 1831 54 7® — 10. —

5 Sep' 1800 - 38 *79 10 — —

13 Dec' 1831 40 22 1 6 8

28 April 1821 110 130 13 6 8

12 Novr 1787 16 < 20 — — <5 *3 4

the D<«tr.

OO

7 10 —

7 10 1 7 1 l7 4 17

9 7

io — —

7 10 —

1176

y 7 6

10-----

| 48 15 —

51 18 — 13 17 8

73 *9 *°

78 4 6

173 5

*5

13 *5

from 21 Febrr 1807.

till 14 June 1798. from that Time, till 27 Feb'f 1805. from that Time, till 21 Dec' 1811. from that Time, from the Date.

011 5 April 1796.

from 20 Novr 1802. from s April 1803. from 25 Feb^ 1803. from 5 April 1803. from 19 Dec' 1811.

from 14 June 1799.

from 13 Dec' 1815. from the Date.

04

04

47 Geo. III. 8°

g

CQ

N

CD

Q-

cr

tr ® TL S3

S a

3

Ei

ESTATES.

MIDDLESEX continued;

Permission to build on a Slip of Ground, Part ofl the Footway in Old Palace Yard, for enlarging > a House adjoining to the Court of Requests -J A Messuage on the East Side of the Old Pa- f lace Yard, adjoining to the Court of Re- quests - - - " . "

Several Messuages on the West Side of Sc Margaret's Lane, \Vestuir - - - *

Two Messuages on the East Side of Charing Cross' Street -

And One other Messuage on the East Side of the same Street -Several Messuages on tire East Side of Charing Cross Street, and One in New Palace Yard Several Messuages on the East Side of Charing Cross Street, and in New Palace Yard -One Messuage on the East Side of Charing Cross (Part of the Premisses demised by the last mentioned Lease to Humphrey Edwin, Esqr -One Messuage on the East Side of Charing Cross Street - - *

Four Messuages on the South Side of Union Street,*!

and the West Side of Palace Yard - - - t

A Messuage on the East Side of New Palace] Yard, next the Way from thence to the River

Names of Lessees,

John Bellamy -

Sir John Ligonier, and othr,l (in Trust) for the Office ofl Ordnance - - -J

MaryJenner, Spinr

George Heath, Gent.

Thames

A Parcel of Ground and Buildings on the North Side of Whitehall Court -A Messuage in the same Court, adjoining to the" last mentioned A Messuage and Garden in the said Court, on the" Smith Side of the Passage leading to the River Thames - -

A Piece of Ground with Two Messuages, situate in Whitehall Court, on the East Side of the Passage from thence to Scotland Yard; and a Slip of Ground on the East Side of the said Mesa*9 - -

A Messuage with Coach Houses, Stables, and other Offices, on the East Side of the Street called Whitehall, and extending into Whitehall Court and Scotland Yard -A Messuage in Whitehall, now the Privy Seal and'] Signet Office, where the Old War Office stood, \ adjoining to the North End of the last mentioned Piemissee -

y

Lewis Way, and Thomas Cor-! bett. Esq" (in Trust) - -J

Humphrey Edwin, Esqr

James Cullum -

Philip Craig, EsqT Richard Godfree -

Griffin Ransom, Esqr -

George Gibson, Esqr -Ed\v* Le Grand, Esqr -

Thomas Lord Grantham Dame Henrietta Vanbrugh -

Granville Leveson, E1 Gower James Pelham, Esqr -

Dates of last Leases.

f By Sign Manual,! ' dated I April J

I 1783 - -J

30 Novr 1752 -12 Deer 1769 -

11 April 1770 .

3 March 177^ . 26 May 1759 .

*5 Aug' 1777 .

30 Novr 1758 .

31 March 1784

14 July i78j.

6 June 1

3 June 1780

23 March 1780 28 July r767

28 Sepr 1779

4 Nov' i7s6

Terms granted.

During His Majesty's Pleasure

43f Yr‘ from 20 Oclr 1758 28 Yr# from 5 Jan* 1790 -r33 Y" from 5 Jan* 1787

{30 Yri from 5 Jan. 1790 -33Y" from 5 Janrjr 1787

,224 Yn from 5 Janr* 1787

18 Y* from 5 April 1809

50 Y" from the Date 3of Yrt from 5 Jari^ 1803

25 Yrf from 20 Feb. 1806

To make up a Term in being 50 Yrt

50 Yr$ from the Date

29J Yr* from 9 April 1800

(The Messuages 30^ Years from 26 Aug1 1786 The Slip 31 Yri from the Date

50 Yri from the Date"l (on Sunr) -J

50 YM from the Date

Expiration.

1 May 1802 -5 Janrr 1818 -5 Jan^ 1820 -

5 Jan^ 1820 -

5Jan^ 1820 -%

5 April 1809 -5 April 1827 -

30 Novr 1808

5 July 1833 -

20 Feb'r 1831

6 Jane 1822 -

3 June 1830 -

13 Octor 1829

26 Febrr 1817 28 July 1798 -

28 Sepr 1829 -

4 Novi 1806 -

Ycarl/Vdae per latest Survey.

12 — "

ifro-----

42----

40 — —

285----

348-----

40 — —

30----

60----

60----

100----

3 6-----

180----

60 — —

500----

20----

Fines paid for last Leases.

30----

I90----

>100-----

~ m ~

410----

142----

20----

100----

80----

59----

30----

275 -

50----

170----

Old Bents.

4 5 9

10--

3 10 — 226

2 10 —

32 3 9

55 5 —

5126

3 15 —

6 17 6

Increased Kents and New Rents.

— 5 —

12 —

35 12 6

o>

Commencement and # Continuance of New Rents. *

ffrom the Date of the \ Lease.

till 5 Jan. 1720. from that Time, from 5Janry 1787.

Part of the Sum reserved

fThis Rent is \ on Humphry Edwin's Lease.

7 10 —

26-----

10 10 — io — —

f 30----

I 26 13 4

<5 13 4

12-----

22 10

from 20 Feb1? 1806.

|« from the Date, from the Date.

from 9 April 1800.

CO

Q

r*-

00

VJ

4 Nov* 1756

— j’'.v> *'"»

1'iemisaet

-- # aaiv «. OVUVU) I |

North End of the lust-mentioned (I Jnmes Pelham,

J!

r^4r.

c

r

G

A Messuage and other Buildings in Whitehall, adjoining to the last mentioned Parcel - -J

A Messuage in Whitehall Court, oh the South! Side of Lord Grantham's House above men-J tioned -

A Messuage in Whitehall Court, on the South Side of the Messuage last mentioned A Messuage and other Buildings, in Whitehall Court and Privy Garden -

A Messuage and other Buildings, with a Garden belonging, lying in the South East Part, of Privy Garden ----- -J

A Messuage and other Buildings in Privy Garden

A Messuage and other Buildings in Privy Garden <j

Also a Piece of Ground adjoining thereto,'! Part of the Waste between High, and Low Water Mark in the River Thames - -J

A Messuage and Ground in Privy Garden -

Messuage den

and other Buildings in Privy Gar-

A Messuage in Privy Garden, Part of the Pre ' niises demised by the preceding Lease, to Jane Countess Dowr of Portland -The vacant Ground in Privy Garden, lying be*' fore the Houses of the Dukes of Richmond and Montague, Eail of lloldcrness, and - others, on which no Buildings are to be erected -

A Messuage in Privy Garden -

A Messuage in Privy Garden -The vacant Ground in Privy Garden, before the Houses of the* Earl of London, and Prances Erskine, Widow -

(Not to be built on)

A Messuage in Privy Garden -

A Messuage in Privy Garden - - - . /

Two Messuages in Privy Garden, with Coach’\ I louses and Stables in Scotland Y ard A Messuage in Middle Scotland Yard Two Messuages in Scotland Yard -A small Messuage in Scotland Yard -A Messuage in Scotland Yard -

A small Messuage, in Scotland Yard -

Another small Messuage adjoining to and held with the Messuage last mentioned, late belonging to the Serjeant Porter -

A Messuage with several other Buildings, and x certain Wharfs in Scotland \Tard -

James Wallace, Esq*

Richard Benyon, Esq’ *

Audery Viscountess Dow*l Townshend - - - J

Lady Cath* Pelham -

Cha* Duke of Richmond

Henry E1 of Pembroke

Edward Montague, and Wm Folkes, Esq*, in Trust for the Duke of Montague

D° - -

William Duke of Portland -Jane Coun* DowT of Portland

Hannah Stone, Wid" -

Charles Duke of Richmond, and others - - -J

Jane Hanbury, W°

John Earl of London -John Earl of London, and J Ja* Oswald, for Mrs. Eis-l kine -J

William Folkes, Esqr -James Oswald, F.sqVfor Frances Erskine, Widow -The Honb]t Cha* Sloane Ca-dogan, now Lord Cadogun Charles Gibbon, Esqr -Francis G Wynne, Esq* -John May -Henry Fleetcroft, Esqr

Charles Lowndes, Esqr The same -

James Duke of Chandos, now belonging to the Duke of Northumberland

4 March 1766 -

24 July 1764 *

19 April 1775 . 28 April 1759 „

So Novr 1781 -

*9 -My 1757 -14 Jan* 1768 -By the same Lease

17 Feb* 1773 -22 Jan17 1744

14 March 1775 -

5 Dec* 1763 -

6 Aug* 1767

27 April 1758 -

14 May 1764 -

i4JanTM768 -| 14 May 1764

| 26 Aug* 1773 -

18 June 1752

18 April 1747 " 21 July 1775 -

5 Feb1* 1770

1 Sept* 1767

l Sept* 1767

27 March 1742

50 YM from the Dute

4 Nov' j 806 -

6* »3

To fill up several Terms in being to 50 Yr# f from the Date - -J

n

11 Yri from 9 Aug1 1803 -

32^" from 29 Jan17 1792 50 Yri from the Date

29 Y" from 3 April 1802

(To make up a former"! Term to 50 Y* from J the Date - - -J

To make up 50 Yn from"! the Date - - -J

31 Yrt - -

27f Y,# from 2 Feb. 1798 50 Years -

17 Yr# from 2 Aug* 1867

28^ Yr* from 31 July 1765

29! Yr* from 10 ApJ 1787

24 Yr* front Febr*' 1784

28{. Yrt from 3 June 1766

50 Yrt from the Date 50 Years

50 Years -

25 Years from 27 Feb. 1777 50 Years -

31 Years from 7 FebrJr i7Q4 28 j Yr# from 8 Mar. 1791

50 Years 50 Years -

50 Years.

4 March 1816 97 15 — £0 — - f 16 t 1368

9 Aug1 1814 - 15°* 15 r- — / .3 6 8 1 — 34

29 July 1824 200 280 — — 10

28 April 1809 38 _ j- - Li 13 4

3 April 1831 - 400 46a — — 71 to

29 July 1807 140 - 16 io —

i4Jarirx 1818 300 200 — — 28 10 —

14 Janr* 1799 - - I

2 Aug1 1825 - 200 - l8o — — -16 8

2 Febo" 1795 - 126 - 24 16 8

2 Aug* 1824 - 200 110 — — 15

31 Janrr 1794 30 — m - 10

15 Octor 1816 150 150 — — 8

4 Febrr 1808 130 35 — — Go

3 Dec* 1794 - 3 - - 1

14 Jan*7 1818 66 140 — — 10 — —

14 May 1814 120 60 — — 60 — —

26 Aug* 1823 384 — 130 — — 14 6 8

27 Febrr 1802 29 April 1797 7 Febrr 1825 8 Sepr 1819 - INI 1 1 1 I 00 0 0 vo m 00 C« CO 580 — 40 — — 21S 4 — 6 8 5

iSepri8i7 - 14 5 — — 8

1 Sepr 1817 - 20 - - 20

7 April'1792 - 532 47o — f t 6 8 I 1*

12 — —

5-----

25-----

from the Date.

till 2 Febrr 1798. from that Time. rPart of a Rent of £-39* i- 8. resent for L this and the Messuage next mentioned.

25----

2 LO — 6-----

from a Aug11807.

from the Date, from the Date.

'This Rent to be paid to His Serjeant Porter for the Time being.

V*

A A A

27 Geo. Ill* 8a Februarii*

D

cq‘

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

oo

ESTATES.

MIDDLESEX continued:

A Piece of Ground with several Sheds thereon/] in Scotland Yard, adjoining to the last-inen-j tioned -

Several Messuages on the South Side of the Pas sage leading into Middle Scotland Yard - - f

A Piece of Ground on the North Side of Scotland Yard, next Craig's Court - - -j

A Piece of Ground with a low Shed thereon,1 adjoining to the last mentioned Premisses - j

A Messuage on the South Side of Scotland Yard -A Piece of Ground, with Coach Houses and!

Stables thereon, in Scotland Yard - -J*

A Messuage in Middle Scotland Yard A Messuage in Scotland Yard -Two Messuages in Scotland Yard -A Messuage in Green Cloth Yard, Whitehall A Messuage in Green Cloth Yard, adjoining to the last mentioned -A Messuage, with Offices and Garden, in Whitehall Court, on the North Side of the Passage to Whitehall Stairs -A Piece of Ground, Part of the Waste between' the High and Low Water Mark, in the River Thames, adjoining to the last mentioned Premisses

A Messuage on the We6t Side of the Stieet lead-" ing from Charing Cross to Westminster Hall, adjoining to the Admiralty - - - -|

A Messuage in Whitehall, on the South Side of the last mentioned -A Messuage and other Buildings in Whitehall, near the Cockpit -

A Messuage and Offices near the Cockpit, between the Street and Saint James's Park

'JVn Messuages on the North Side of Downing ( Street -

A Messuage, with Coach Houses and Stables, in' Whitehall, near Downing Street, and Four I Messuages adjoining thereto, on the North I Side of Downing Street - - -J

A Piece of Ground in Privy Garden, whereon 8^ Messuage is since built, on Part of which ( Ground stood a Building, late in the Possession of the Lamplighter of the Palace

Names of Lessees.

Hugh D. of Northumberland

Joseph Pierce ... James Craig, Esqr

The same - -

Charles Selwyn, Esqr -Abraham Acworth, and Riclid1 Ripley, Esqr* (in Trust) - J The same -Robert Randoll -Mary Trevor, Spin*

The Honble Fredk Vane

Will"1 Aislabie, Esqr -James Earl of Fife

Dates of last Leases.

The same -

Richard Carr Glyn, andl Thomas Glyn, Esq, J - J

Bishop of Litchfield and Co-1 ventry -

Lord George Germain -

Dame Sarh Featherstoifc- "] baugh, and Benj" Letheiul-> Her, Esqr

William Greaves, and others (in Tr.) -

Horatio Lord Walpole -

Peter Burrell, Esq*

A Messuage and Ground in Privy Garden

Rob* Earl of I loldenies*

A Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall,1 with Stables and Coach Houses in Great I Ryder Street - - - - J

The IIonVk Laura Keppel, \V°

29 Jah*r 1757

lSFeb^^s -

20 Fcb'r 1784 -

By the same Lease

9 Novr 1737

7 Novr 1778

7 Novr 1778 07 Febrr 1761 -20 July 1758 19 Ocio* 1782 -

28 Novr 1772 -

7 Deer 1764

13 July 1782

26 Aug1 1773 -

19 Dec' 1769 -

8 Aug1 177a

14 Novr 1774 -

9 May 1772

4 March 1784 -

it Dec* 1771 .

21 Fcb^ 1700 _ 26 Au^ 1784 .

3

Terms granted.

31 Year* .

36 Years from 5 Ap> 17&S

39* Y* from d Jan*r 1794 .

50 Yr* from 6 July 1783 -

3g Yr*from 30 Ap1 1748 -

50 Years -

50 Years -

25 Y" from 16 Jan. 1786 -22 Y" from 21 May 1786 *6 Years from 17 June 1816

16 Y" from 2a Sep* 1803

50 Y* (on Surrender)

31 Yrt from the Date

l» Y* from 9 May 1811

16 Y'# from 9 Aug* 1803 -

17 Yrl fiem 1 March 1805

19 Y1* from 20 Mar. 1805 17 YM from 16 Feb, 1803 -

19 Y" from 9 July 1814 -50 Years from tire Date -50 Yri from the Date

Expiration.

Yearly Value per latest Survey

29 Jan*? 1788 -

5 April 1824 -

6 July 1833 -

6 July 1833 -n May 1787 -

7 Nov* 1828 -

7 Novr 1828 -

16 Jan. 1811-

21 May 1808 -

17 June 1832 -

22 Sepr 1819 -7 Dec* 1814 -

13 July 1813 -

9 May 1822 -

9 Augf 1819 -i Mar. 1822 -

20 Mar. 1824 16 Feb. 1820 -

9 July 1833 -

11 Dec* 1821 -

21 Feb.1810 -29 May 1834 -

50----

,89----

70----

2----

30----

50----

60----

3*----

48----

100----

80----

156 13 4

145----

250----

320----

400----

Coo----

250----

100----

230 — —

Fiacenaid for lastEeases.

360

190

Go

13

20

25

20

40

3*

40----

40----

110----

150----

200 -

267-----

133----

190 — ---

Old Rents,

»« *3 4

2 --

— d

8 — . 2 he-

5 —

— 10

— 10

— 6

— 6 40 17

Increased Rents and Ne^ Rents.

2« 16 8

9----

13 17 6

12 — — 33 6 8

{ 'H

4 H 6

23 12 6

8 15 -

65 — 7 10 —

12 10 —

r 2 6 8

\ 10----

5-----

I 3‘ 5 —

(15-----

I 75----

— --------- OO

Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

tilt 5 April 1788. from that Time.

from 6 Janrr 1694^ from the Date.

from the Date, from the Date.

from 17 June 1816. till 22 Sep* 1803. from that Time.'

31 5 ~

rN

l

1

tiU 9 A«g* 1803. from that, Tim*.

till 16 Feb*^ 180^ from that Time.

3. £. 10, per Ann. Part of ibis

Pent, is |o be paid to the Lamplighter for the Time being.

A Fine of £.600 was set for the Lease to the Earl of Holderness, but no Fine paid, by llis Majesty’s Command.

22 10 G 5

=1)

from 29 No»r 1815.

18J Y" from ap Nov' 1815

8* Febntariu 1787.

O

o

o

oo

rT

o

h*

0

-A. Momujic on t\»e Sonll, 5Si«\<? of VMl uiii\ Couch 1 iu C; r«ut 1 »V>dvv v--V , V _ . _ _ _ _J| 'Clic Hot>i« Kcppc), W* a(J Auj^ 1784. - I 8 Y from up Nov* 1815

One other Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall Two Messuages on the South Side of Pall Mall One large Messuage (formerly Two) on the South'! Side of Pall Mall -j Fra* Lord Godolphin -Abraham Ac worth, and, ) Tho* Ripley, Esq1* (in J Trust) - - J John Manners, Esqr - 28 July 1767 ioOctori772 - 31 Octor 1781 25 from 15 Jan^ 179^2 -30 Yn from 15 Jan* 1792 - lo^Y^from 19 Deer 1820-

Three Messuages on the South Side of Pall Main And One Messuage on the West Side of J* Market Lane - - - -J Mary Beiitha, W° 30 Deer 1767 ffor such Term as would) i make up 50 Yrt from I y the Date -J

One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall,) next Marlborough House - - - -j A Piece of Ground (formerly Three Messuages)] on the South Side of Pall Mall, whereon s Cumberland House is since built -J A Messuage and Garden on the West Side of) Cumberland House - - - -J One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall Brackley Kennett, Esqr His Royal Highness the DukeT of Cumberland -J The same -John Parker 3 Junei7C7 2 April 1773 f By the same 1 \ Lease - -J 9 October 1769 fTo make up 50 Yrl froml \ the Date - - -j /For such Term as would) make up 50 Years -J D° - 36 Years from 5 April 1783

One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall A Piece of Ground adjoining thereto John Walworth -D° 12 Feb* 1733 D° - 42 Yri from Mich* 1740 23 Yr$ from Mich* 1740 -

A Piece of Ground, with Six Messuages, on the\ South Side of Pall Mall -J Jane Barnes, Widow 9 March 1730 - 39f Y" from Mich# 1740 -

One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall John Adam Fiedk Hesse, EsqT 15 Aug1 1771 - 17 J YTi from 11 Octr 1803 -

Two Messuages on the South Side of Pall Mall - Philip Elias Turst, Esq* 25 Decemr 1773 17I Yn from 10 Octr iBog-

Two Messuages on the South Side of Pali Mali,'] One of which wus afterwards granted to Sir k ltichd Hoare, Kn* - - - -J One of the lust-mentioned Two Messuages - Thomas Graham-Sir Richd Hoare, Knl - 5 Febry 1716 28 June 1754 25 Yr# from Mich* 1740 37 j Y* from 10 Octr 1765

Two Messuages on the South Side of Pall Mall - Peter Beauvoir - 27 June 1777 23I Y" from 5 April 1803 -

One Messuage on the South Side of Pali Mall The IIonble Tho1 Fitzmaurice 27 May. 1777 - 20 Yr* from 24 Janr* 1807 -

One Messuage (formerly Two) on the South Side! of Pall Mall J Rich4 Earl Temple 21 Aug* 1777 19 Yn from 1 July 1808 -

Six Messuages on the South Side of Pall*Mall/l ami four small Messuages behind the same, in > Warwick Street ----- J Anne Dickins, Spinr - 30 July 1782 24 Yrt from 5 Ap1 1808 -

One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall - i Six Messuages on the South Side of Pall Mall Peter Calmel, and John 1 Drummond - - -J The Revd Jn° Warner, LL. D. 25 May 1762 2 Octor 1779 22 Y* from ioOctx 1789 -13 Yrl from 26 May 1816 -

One large Messuage on the South Side of Pall) Mall - -j Txvo Messuages on the South Side of Pull} Mall J One Messuage formerly called The Queen's Arms,*) on the North Side of Pall Mall - - -J Two Messuages on the North Side of Pull Mall -One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall - John Astley, Esqr Isabella Antonia Bernardo,) Frances Conyer Caton, W* j [ Christopher Morritt, Esqr Daniel Malthus, Esqr -Char* lien* Johnstone, Spinr - 2iOctori769 -8 May 1779. 3 June 1766 2 June 1764 13 JanT* 1781 f 50 Yr# from 5 April 176g\ / (on Surrender) - -J act Years from 5 April 3802 23I Yri from 5 April 1792 - 21 f Y^ from 5 April 1792-29IY*1 from 10 OctoT 1800

One Messuage on the South Side of Pajl Mall Earl Temple - 17 Jan7 1783 - 12j'Y*from ioOctor 1819

ip May I P3 +

15 Jan* 1817 15 Janrx 1820

19 June 1831

30 Deer 1817

3 June 1817 2 April 1823

5 April 1819

10 Octor 1782 10 Oct*/ 1763

5 April 1780

6 April 1821 5 April 1823

10 Octor 1765 5 April 1803

10 Octo|s'1826 24.Janr* 1827

1 July 1827

5 April 1832 -

10 Ocfcor 1811 26 May 1&29

5 April 1819

10 Octor 1828

10 Octor 1815

10 Octor 1813 5 April 1830

5 April 1832

OO

no I’ine «nud, by Hi® Coiiimmiii.

ZT J} from 09

J Majesty’s ' 1815.

170 ioo — 18 15 —

190 200 17 10 —

350 60 15

1 1 i 1 0 0 00 1* 4 1 1 O O f 17 10 — l 12 6

75 212 6 5 —

500 v ' ‘ f 31 5 -

150 )- - - I 12 10 —

120 300 — — 7 10 —

| 200 - {izz ]

142 300 — 17 15 — J

90 35 7 ip — |

2SO no 22 10 — -J

30 35 *5 - 1

50 90 3 15 — J Part of the preceding Rent.

176 130 25

l6o 80 1117 6

350 240 — — >5

200 150 20

93 40 7 ip —

500 150 43 —

330 66 50

85 80 10 12 6

80 30 11 5 —

80 100 30 110 — — 8 15 ~ 7 10 — .

300 47 15 " " |{

43 >5

from 19 Dec 11820.

lb*

o

W

P

/from the Date of the \ Lease.

These Messuages have been taken down, and the Ground laid into the Court Yard belonging to Carleton House.

9-----

M 5 — 27-----

35-----

till 11 Octor 1803, from that Time, till 10 Octor 1805. from that Time.

These Two Messuages have likewise been added to the Ground belonging to Carleton House.

20 — 43 15

25 —

62 10 60 — -

»2 fO 18 — 50 —

from 24 Jan1* 1807* from 1 July 1808.

from 5 April 1808.

from 26 May 1816* from the Date.

from 10 Octo* r8oo. till 10 Octcf 1789. from that Time.

g

9

V*

Od

(A

g

(Q

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

ESTATES.

MIDDLESEX continued:

One Messuage in Pall Mall Court

Seven Messuages in Pall Mall and Pall Mall Court -

One Messuage on the South. Side of Pall Mall

One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall

Three Messuages on the North Side of Norris Streel

Two Messuages on the North Side of Ryder Street One Messuage on the South Side of Little Ryder Street, and One other (since divided into Two) on the East Side of Sl James’s Street, and South Side of Little Ryder Street -

Also One Messuage on the East Side of Bury Street, and One on the South Side of Great Ryder Street -One Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall One Messuage on the North Side of Pall' Mall, (besides Five others since renewed to John Barnfathei, Esqr, Edward Cartwright, Esqr, and Thomas Stanley, Esqr, as under) -

One other Messuage on the North Side of Jennyn Street -

One Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall Two Messuages on the North Side of Pall Mall,!

I^irl tKu PiumiccAo '

Part of the Premisses demised by the preceding Lease toTho* Graham Two other Messuages, Part of the Premisses demised to the said Thomas Graham One Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mai! -

Five Messuages on the West Side of Sl Alban's Street, and North Side of Pall Mall One Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall, adjoining to the last mentioned Parcel One Messuage on the East Side of S* James’s Street A Piece of Ground, in S* James's Place, next toj Saint James's Park, on which Part of Sir John,) Cope’s House was erected - - - -J

Also the Liberty of erecting a Bow Window,"j to extend 10 Feet into the Park, and to v set Iron Rails, and open Windows there -J

One Messuage on the West Side of Marketfl Street - - - - -J

One Messuage on the West Side of Markettl

Street, and One on the North Side of S* James's) Market Place

Names of Lessees.

Sir Mich1 Pilkington, Bari -

Ca?sar Ilawkins, Esqr (now" Sir Cajsar Hawkins, Bari) -J Gath. Henley, Spinr

Cath1 Sheppard -

Maria Giles, Widow -

Richard Filewood -

Robert Wimberley

D# -

Elizabeth Johnson Thomas Graham, Esqr

D° -

Thomas Stanley, Esqr -John Barnfather, Esqr -

Edwd Cartwright, Esqr

Isaac Gervaise, and Samuel"! Mettayer - - - -J

Charles Lord Cadogan -

Sir Cecil Wray, Bari -Sir Rob1 Herries, Kn* -

Sir John Cope, K. B.

The same

Evan Thomas, Esqr Frances Gwyn

Dates of last Leases.

‘23 May 1785

29 Novr 1777 23 Fel/y 1784 10 I)ecr 1762 21 May 1773 22 May 1770

18 June 1761

By the same Lease 25 May 1762

8 July 1752 D° -

14 Octof 1784 2 Octor 1779

4 March 1784

2 June 1775

14 March 1785

24 Octor 1766 19 Octor 1782

4 Jan'* 1753

By Warrant from the Lords Justices, dated 13 June 1745

17 Deer 1774 13 April 1750 -

Terms granted.

45f V" from 5 Ap1 1789 -

23 Years from 5 Ap1 1804-32$ Years from 10 Octr 1800 -9i Y" from 10 Octr 1782 47t Yr* from 10 Octr 1775 41 Years from 10 Octr 1776

33 Yr* from 10 Octr 1776 -

34l Yrt from 5 July 1775 -35t Yr# from 10 Octr 1776

26J Yri from 10 Octor 1775

29 Yr> from 5 April 1773 -

32 Yrf from 5 April 1802 -

27 Yr* from 5 April 1802 -

31 Y" from 5 April 1802 -24! Yrs from 10 Octr 1800 nf Yrsfrom 13^ July 1822-

50 Yrs from the Date (on Surrr)

33 Y" from 5 April 1799 -

To make up 50 Yrs from*\ the Date -J

During His Majesty's Pleasure.

2?j Yn from 10 OctoT 1796 33l Y» from Mhs. 1766 -

Expiration.

10 OctoT 1834 -

5 April 1827 5 April 1833 5 April 1812 5 April 1823 10 Octor 1817

10 Octor iS®9 -D°

5 April 1812 5 April 1802

D°

5 April 1834 5 April 1829

5 April 1833

5 April 1825

13 Janry 1834

24 Octor 1816 5 April 1832

4 Janry 1803

5 April 1824 5 April i$oo

Yearly Value peij Fines paid for-latest Survey. last Lea«ft;s.

30----

270-----

200 -

70-----

60 — r --

38----

36-----

48-----

35-----

150-----

40----

100----

80-----

120-----

74-----

240-----

96-----

67-----

43----

Old Rents.

Increased Rents and New Rents

40

4*

140----

l8o----

370 -

50----

300 -

115----

110----

45 "

225 for 1 all the > Messuages I

163-----

90----

180-----

40----

50 -

6 -

90----

25----

30----

45----

6----

29---

15---

12 IO —

976

476

3 15 -

976

4 7 6

426

5 —

4 7 6

8 ---

8 5 ~

3 »5 — 8 17 6

4 10 -

8 15 -

Q — —

33 >5

25 —

5 5 —

Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

o\

from 5 April 1804. from 10 Octor 1800.

(from the Date of the Lease.

("Part of a Rent of £. 20. 7s. 6d. for the Five Messuages.

2 13 4

568

12 IO

IO —

15 —

5

30 —

3 ,3 4

5-----

from 5 April 1802. from 5 April 1802.

from 5 April 1802.

f from the Date of the Lease.

from 13 July 1822.

till 10 Octr 1796. from that Time.

2:

8:

00

... - - -- . «-w »mo Lite ruvk, aiul to ' 1 The bame

not liuu \\a.i\s, u.tv«A ojieu \Vmdow» there -J 1

Oac Mcatwttge oa the Went of MerkettM R TUomM E|„,

- - - ~ -J) x

Onn Mr.wMmu* o\» it v.

\J l.ortls Jt««- ?

It tioa, daU*d j

\\. >3 June 1745 J

17 Dec' 1774

l'u,llK lli* Miijes*t\’s 1‘leii-buie.

27 £ Yr‘ from 1 o Octo' 179C

5 A|»ril b 8'H

n. A|<ril

o

o

o

rT

c

One Mfessnage on the West Side of Bury Street,! and One on the South Side of Jermyn Street J

One Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn Street,* and One on the South Side of Piccadilly Also Two Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly -

One Messuage on the North Side of Pull Mall

One Messuage on the West Side of Sl Alban’s Street

An Inn, and Five small Messuages, on the West Side of the Hay market, and East Side of Market Lane -

Two Messuages on the North Side of Jennyn! Street, and Two on the West Side of Markett J Street ---- J

Three Messuages on the West Side of Duke Street,! and North Side of Jermyn Street -

Two Messuages on the North Side of Jermyn" Street, and Four on the South Side of Piccadilly

One Messuage on the South Side of Saint James’s" Market Place, and One on the South Side of Piccadilly -

One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall

The White Horse Inn and Eleven Messuages, on" the South Side of Piccadilly, and Two on the South Side of Jermyn Street -

One Messuage on the West Side of Duke Street,* Four Messuages on the West Side of Bury Street, with Four others behind them, in a Court called Warwick Court; and Two Messuages on the North Side of Jermyn Street- -

Two Messuages on the South Side of Charles^ Street -

'Three Messuages on the North Side of Charles" Street, and West Side of Saint Alban’s Street

Two Messuages on the West Side of Market Lane

One Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn Street

One Messuage on the West Side of Market Street And Three small Messuages in Black Swan Court

One Messuage on the West Side of Saint Alban’s Mrcet - -

One Messuage on the East Side of Saint Alban’s"! Street, and North Side of Pall MaU - -J

One Messuage on the East Side of Saint Alban’s j Street, adjoining to the last mentioned; and One [ Messuage on the West Side of St. Alban’s Street, / and South Side of Charles Street - - - I

William Ilurry -

Margaret Riley

Thomas Plumer Byde, and!

John Patterson, Esqr* - -J Joseph Hickey, Esq.

Edward Pitman -

Elizh Newdigate, W*

Tho* Le Blanc, Esqr -Thomas Ludbey, Esqr -

Mary BurtoQ Charles Ilill Samuel Rush, Esqf

Mary Trimnell, Spin* -John Earl of Galloway

20 Deer 1764*

26 May 1749

21 Febrr 1766 13 June 1771

13 Novr 1764

9 Octor 1764

19 July 1785-15 Janrr 1774

4 Nov' 1782 10 Jan1? 1757 26 Aug1 1784

19 Deer 1766

Henry Watson (in Trust)

fSir A nth* Tho* Abdy, Bar*, for Martha and Isabella [ Warren -Tho* Rhodes

William Cots ford D° -

James Garth Jacob Watson

Henry Collius

-{I

23 Y* from 5 Ap1 1791 -

5

:1

17 Dec* 1774 15 March 1771

7 Dec. 1752

10 October 1784 -

11 June 1755

By the same Lease

9 Octor 1769 24 Aug1 1770

sC May 1749

For such Terra as would make up a former Term to 50 YTi -

50 Yr* from the Date !

(on Surr*) - ~ -J

23J Yre from 5 April 1797

17 Yn from 5 April 1797

46^ Y1* from 5 April 1767

34f Yn from 5 April 1800 31 Yn from 5 Ap1 1792 -

18 Yn from 5 July 1814 -38- YTr# from 10 Octor 1766 22 \rr# from 5 April 1812

50 Yrs from the Date ! (on Surrender) - -j

22 Yri from 5 April 1802 31 Yn from 10 Octor 1789

34! Yn from 10 Octor 1767

311 Yr* from 5 April 1802

34| Yr# from ioOctor 1770 39! Yn from ioOctor 1765

47! Yri from 10 Octo' 1770 23* Y"r$ from 10 Octor 1796

26 Yn from Mich* 1770 -

5 April 1814

6 June 1799 -

21 Feb^ 1816 10 Octr 1820

5 April. 1814

10 Octor 1813

ie Oct* 1834 5 April 1823

5 July 1832 -5 April 1805 5 April 1834 -

19 Deer 1816 -

5 April 1824 -10 October 182*

5 April 1802 -

10 Octr 1833 -

5 April 1805 -D°

5 April 1818 -5 April 1820 -

10 Octor 1796

40 — — 30 — -» — j U 13 -4 3

5* 25 — — 4 2 6 f 6 5 —

74 84 I 3 12 6

13° r0 5

50 25 5 5~

140 35 12 10 — t

96 500 8 5 -

120 240 — — 876

190 — — 190 14 2 6

55 39 5 15 —

3* 90 3 15 —

508 340 34 Jo ~

150 40 17 10 —

150 60 10 — —

120 f 120 200 (for these 826 I

and other Houses) V 1 10 —

35 50 2 10 —

38 45 326

23 — 45 J 13 4

22 120 *5 —

35 loo 1 30 too (for these and One other House) 3 15 — ► 7 10 —

3 —

4. I till to Ortr I7ptf.

from lliat

6 5 —

15 -

16 19 —

23 15 —

63 10 —

/ 13 15 —

I »8 15 —

r 9 »5 — . 115 -

4 *5 ~ 2 14 —

4; 7 6;

from the Date.

from 5 April 1800.

till 5 April 1792. from that Time.

from 5 April 1812

till 5 April 1802. from that Time.

till 10 October 1789. from that Time.

from 5 April 1802.

from the Date, from the Date.

o

M

o

00

o

r

3:

being the proportionable Part of a Rent Kjfr of £.11.5». reserved by this Lease.

vl

r^-3

S g g»S

n O-S -

P "t

3

3

g

eg’

m’

CD

Q_

cr

ESTATES.

MIDDLESEX continued: 3ne Messuage on the East Side of St All Due Messuage and Yard on the West S Alban’s Street -)ne Messuage on the South Side of Choi )ne Messuage on the North Side of Jerrr )ne Messuage on the West Side of Sain Market Place -

One other Messuage there -

of St. Alban’s Street, Market Lane

and the West Side

Street -

And One on the West Side of the same Street

A Stable Yard and Five Messuages on the West Side of the IJaymarket, and the East Side Market Lane -

Nine Messuages on the West Side of the Hay-market, and the East Side of Market Lane, with the Cock Inn, and divers Coach Houses and Stables thereto belonging

Three Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn' Street- -

Several Stables behind the Messuages last men-' boned -

Cue Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall

One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall -Two Messuages on the North Side of Pall Mall And One on the South Side of Jermyn Street And One other Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall....

One Messuage on the West Side of Duke Street -One Messuage on the West Side of Bury Street -T wo Messuages on the South Side of St. James’s' Market Place -

One Messuage on the West Side of Ayr Street;" and -

One Messuage on the West Side of Duke i Street ---- -J

Two Messuagt on the South Side of Great Ryder! Street, demised, with the Two Houses next mentioned, to ----- -J

Names of Lessee*. Dates of last Leases.

et John Clarke - i6Febrr 1775 -

J _ > John Barnfather Esqr - 21 Jan1* 1785

t John Holland, -t Hugh Burgess, Gent. - 10 Febr* 1749 -26 July 1785

Booker Derby - - - 17 October 1771

D° By the same Lease.

j- James Morris, E6qf, and othera 21 July 1775

I The Revd. In* Parsons, Clk.l J and Sarah Sander, W° -J 25 April 1780 -

Robert Palmer, Esqr - 15 Deer 1779 -

| Samuel Saville, Esqr - 17 OctoT 1771 -

J John Crofte, Esqr 22 Novemr 1766

| W® Ballwaring, Esqf - 27JaurM74i -

fMarg* Bathurst, Spinr, and! others (in Trust) - -J 7 Aug« 1771 -

► Daniel Graham - 14 June 1765

Keane Fitzgerald, Esqr Henry Holland, Builder 25 June 1765 -4 March 1784

| John Agutter (iu Trust) 19 July 1785 -

| Anthony Nott 22 May 1764 -

: Richard Bailey - - - 13 Decemr 1744

Terms granted.

25 Yrt from 5 April 1799 -

33x Y" from ioOctor 1800

28} Yn from Mhs. 1770 39 Yn from 10 Octor 1795

19 Yrs from 5 April 180a -35|Yr* from ioOctor 1785

25 Yrt from 5 Jan. 1800 -

281 Y" from 5 Jan, 1801 9x Yri from 5 Jans* 1820

2y^Yn from ioOctor 1793

25I Yr* from 10 Octor 1790

50 Y*1 from Mha. 1740^ concurrent with a former Term -

30 Yrt from 5 Ap1 1791

f For such Terms as wod filial { up the Terms in being J [ to 50 Y" - -J

40* Y" from 10 Octor 1774 22 Yn from ioOctor 1811

33f Yrt from 10 Octor 1801

f Purt for 44 J Yr* from 10 j Octr 1769 j Rernf for 43^ Yr* from I ioOctri77o

24 Yr,from Mich1 1770

Expiration*

5 April 1824 -

5 April 1834 -

5 April 1799 -

ioOctori834 -

5 April 1821 -

D* .

5 Janrr 1825

5 July 1829 5 Jply 1829

5 April 1821

5 April 1816 10 Octor 1790 -

5 April 1821 -

I4^une 1815

5 July 1815, -

ioOctori833 -

5 April 1835 -

5 April 1814, -

D° -

xoOctori794 *

Nearly Talue per latent Survey* Fines paid for last Leases. Old t Kents.

M 3* 20 326

45 80 326

50 40 5 1* 6

34 60, 5 — —

30 1 - 4 7

4.--} 55 2

150 120 18 12 6

I7O aoo 24 12 6

120 40 20 — — *

2 Op — — 2QQ, 18 —

l8o 120 10 7 6

Does not appear.

160 136 13

p5 0 ] 280 260 17.Z

I 25 J I —

21 45 3 — —

45 20 3 15 —

35 60 ^5 —

26 1 58 j 350 I < li XO — 35 —

Increased R^n*s and New Rents*

5H 6

2 8 —

il 5 —

3:

Commencement and, Continuance of New Rents. viO

OO

from 10 Octr 1800.

till 10 Octo* 1785. from that Time.

21 12. —

.25----

till 10 Octor 1793. from that Time.

Note, These Three Messuages and Stables were demised together to William Ball-waring, Esqr, under a Rent of £. 10. 7s. 6 d.; but the Houses having been assigned off, charged with the whole Rent, and re-I newed under that Rent to Mr. Crofte, the I Stables are at present held without paying^ ( any Rent for the same.

15 12 — till 5 April 1791.

20 — from that Time*

12* 6

from 10 Octr 1811-.

fThis Rent of £. 1. 101. is Part of a Rent of 1 £.51 reserved for these and other Premisses.

{Part of a Rent of £,6, 15 s. for all the Messuages demis^l by this Lease.

y -it-WHAM „8

Two Mvssuugt ' '>* the ^owUi S\Ue Struev, Aiimucd, v<vtVi vUe *Vw mentvuuv^, to -

U ichaid Dailey

| 13 Decem' 1744

L lo Octr 1770 24 \r* from Mick* 1770

1 out 1

-J

\y

t

4

Two Messuages, One on the North Side of Jermyn! Street, and the other behind it, extending to[ Piccadilly - - - - -J

One Messuage on the East Side of Bury Street -One Messuage ou the South Side of Jerrayn Street,!

Part of a larger Parcel demised to her - -J One Messuage adjoining to the last mentioned

Two Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn Street; and One small Messuage in a Court behind the same -

Four Messuages on the East Side of Market Lane,! and a Stable Yard adjoining, on the West Side of the 11 ay market - - - -J

One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly One other Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly One Messuage on the West Side of the Haymarket

Two Messuages on the East Side of St. James’s Street -

One Messuage on the West Side of St. Alban’s Street - - - - -j

One Messuage on the South Side of Saint James’s! Market Place, and Two on the West Side of V St. Alban’s Street ----- -J

One Messuage on the South Side of Charles Street

1 our Messuages on the East Side of Saint James's^ Street - -1

Three on the South Side of Little Ryder y Street; and /

Three small Messuages in Fox Alley, all lying j together ----- -J

Two Messuages on the East Side of Bury Street, and North Side of Great Ryder Street

And one Messuage on the North Side of Pic-1

cudilly ---- -J

Two Messuages on the West Side of Bury Street, \ and South Side of Little Ryder Street -One Messuage on the South Side of Great Ryder Street -

Two Messuages on the West Side of Bury Street Two Messuages in Painter’s Court, Bury Street One Messuage on the West Side of Bury Street: And,

One Messuage on the East Side of Duke Street

Four Messuages on the East Side of Duke Street, and South Side of Piccadilly And One Messuage on the East Side of Bury Street - -

Two Messuages on the East Side of Bury Street -One Messuage on the North Side of King Street -

Benj^tiailey - 31 March 1781 - 36 Yrl from 10 Octo* 1794

Richard Ash - 8 April 1786 - 28 Y* from 5 April 1807 -

Joanna Clarke - 3 July 1744 - 28 Yr4 from Mich* 1765 -

The* Marriott and Wife 10 Feb* 1774 30 Y11 from 10 Octor 1793

Joanna Clarke - 21 May 1772 - 27I Y^from ioOctor 1793

John Davis, and others H May 1759 . 41 Y* from 10 Octor 1767

Anne Hardy, W° - - Anne Fuller, \V° Edmund Marriot, Clk.- 11 Feb1* 1761 -15 Aug1 1777 -4, March 1754 - 20 Yr* from loX)ctor 1790 36 Yr# from 10 OctoT 1790 36J Y^from 10 Octor 1766

Martha Beal, and ! Abigail Moor - - -J 20 June 1754 - 36 Yr# from 5 April 1768 -

John Mackay, Gent. - 8 July 1755 - 37f Yrt from 10 Octo* 1767

Wra Stratford and Wife 28 Novr 1769 - 29j Y14 from 5 April 1788

Anne Hoadley, Widw - 30 April 1770 3i| Yrt from 5 ApJ 1788 -

Dame Philadelphia Vandeput,! Widow - - - -J 26 Novr 1785 - 28f Yrt from.5 Ap> 1806 -

W"1 Maule, Esqrr 28JanrJri785 - 33I Yr* from 1° Octor 1800

The same - - ' by the same Lease 27 Y" from 5 April 1807 -

Mary Warnv 21 Jan^ 1785 - 33 J Yri from 10 Octor 1800

Wm Walts, Esqr, and Wife - 26 Augr 1784 - 33i Y" from 10 Octor 1800

The same - - - - By the same Lease 22! Y^from 10 Octor 1811

Archd Shiells, Gent. -Elizabeth Snow, \V° - 20 Febrr 1784 -25 April 1766 - 33 Yn from iq Octor 1800 35 Yrs from 10 Octor 1780

Oc for 1794

10 0ctqr 1830

5 April 1835 10 Octo* 1793 10 Octor 1823

5 April 1821

10 Octor 1808

10 Oct'-iSio 10 Octor 1826 5 April 1803

5 April 1804

5 April 1805

10 Oetor 1817 10 Octo* 1819

10 Octor 1834

5 April 1834. 5 April 1834

5 Ap^il 1834

5 April 1834

5 April 1834

10 Qctor 1833 10 Octo* 1J815

350 1 j If This n cut of/*. 1. 1Ot.is Part of a Rent of *

1 i 110 — j\£.Sl reserved lor these and other Premisses. *"T<

IfPmrt of a Rent of £.6. lAs. for ali thm

1 a — lihlosruMgem draiin^i by this t^emse. oo

I 1 1

50 90

30 35 — —

does notappear -

8 12 6 .

(flie Ground only)

85 65

no 260

32 10

45 80

25 30

75 90

40 60 —

# 00 — 85

170 200 — —

230 '320

80 — — 140

2p, 20

205 — 360,

150 T f

320 1

45 J [

40 -r — 70

3*2 30

4 10 —

5 — —

1 6 —

2 12 —

SH-

nS —

5---

3 15 —

476

10---

4 26

f Part of a Rent of £. 9.12 s. reserved for \ the whole Estate demised by this Lease.

9 10 — 4 10

<5 5 —

from 10 Octo* 1794*

1

If 6 16 10 \ 10 12 —

5 U 6

- {

25-----

5 10 — 2 10 —

23 — . 10

11 26

6 5-368 3 15 —

118 —

5 8 -21 5 —

28 15 —

10-----

18 15

5 —

till 10 Octr 1793. from that Time.

from 10 Octor 1790.

from the Date.

till 5 April 1788. from that Time.

from 5 April 1806.

from 10 Octor 180a.

from 10 Octo1 1800.

from 10 Octo* 1800.

VO

27 Geo. III. 8° Februarii,

X

ESTATES.

O

o

o

QO_

7T

Names of Lessees*

MIDDLESEX continued:

A Piece of Ground on the South Side of Painter s') Court.....J

Two Messuages oh the West Side of Bury Street -

One Messuage on the East Side of Bury Street One Messuage on the South Side of Jennyn Street One Messuage on the West Side of Duke Street -

Two Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn^ Street, and West Side of Market Street - -/

One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly Two Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly^ and West Side of Duke Street -

Five Messuages situate between the HaymarkeC and Market Lane -

One Messuage on the South Side of Saint James's Marketplace -

Two Messuages on the West Side of the Ilay market

One other Messuage on the North Side of Charles Street -

One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly One other Messuage on the South Side of Picca-"!

dilly ——

One Messuage on the South Side of S* James’s Market Place ----- -J

One Messuage on the East Side of Duke Street -

Four Messuages on the South Side of Pall Mall: And,

Four on the East Side of S* James’s Street

Two Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn"! Street ---- - -J

Two Messuages on the North Side of Jermynl Street - - -j

One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly,"! and one other there, on the East Side of the last- mentioned ---- -J

Four undivided Tenth Parts of Fourteen Mes suages, a Stable Yard, and other Buildings, in the Haymarket, Hammond's Court, and Market f Lane ---- - -J

Three undivided Tenth Tarts of the same Pre-J

misses - -I

Four undivided Tenth Parts of the same Premisses One Messuage on the North Side of Charles Street; and -

One Messuage on the West Side of Market l*ane ---- -J

Nicholas Kenney, Gent.

Thomas Clarke -

John Gregory, the Elder Mary Slade, \V° -Richard Grant -

George Stubbs -

Thomas Beldon -George Dempster, and Benj Way, Esq'*, in Trust

Tho# Ilolgate

John Laight

John Malliet, Esqr

Cross Outing, Esqr John Griffith Mathew Nicholson

Edwd Woodcock, Esqr -

Elizabeth Phillips, W* -

Edward Galloway, EsqT

9

1

John Plumptrce, Esqr, for Geo. Gamier, Esqr -

D#, for himself -John 1 lames, Esqr

John Perkins, Esqr

Janies Chauvel, and Robert"!

Mackreth, Esq1* - -J John Reynoldson, Gent.

James Chauvel, Esqr -

Dates of last Lease*.

21 Novemr 178a

24 Aug* 1770 -

17 Feb17 1781 -3 Decerar 1754 3 Decemr 1754

8 Novr 1763 -21 Jan fy 1778 -

8 April 1786 -

30 April 1763 -

19 June 1754 -

21 Aug* 1777 -

10 Novr 1758 -

7 July 1767

15 March 1759 -

25 Jan'7 1774 -

26 Jan*7 1775 -

6 April 1774 -

21 Octof 1772 -By the same Lease

14 Decemr 1770

25 Jan'7 1768 -

5 Feb'7 1768 -

8 March 1768 -

12 March 1757 -

Terms granted. Expiration. Yearly Value per latest Survey. Fines paid for last Leases. Old Rents. Increased R-nts and New Kents. # Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

50 Yr* from 10 Octor 1781 10 Octo' 1831 14 IOO 1 15

2of Yr* from 5 April 1799 10 Octo' 1819 68 25 6 12 6 r 7 19 — 1 8 10 — till 5 April 1799. from that Time.

31J Yri from 5 April 1799 10 Octo' 1830 30 40 3 15 , - V.

36 Yrs from 5 April 1768 5 April 1804 30 55 2 10

36 Yr* from 5 April 1768 5 April 1804 26 40 2 10 —

44I Y" from 5 Ap1 1768 - 5 Jan'7 1813 46 170 5 7 6

15 Y" from 5 Jan'7 1812 - 5 Jan'7 1827 *3 4 — 5 4 — —

35 Yr# from 5 April 1800 - 5 April 1835 100 220 8 — — 12 lO — from 5 April i8ocx

39 \r'# from 10 Octo' 1772 10 Octo' 1811 50 — — no 6 — —

3if Y'* from Mhs. 1772 - 5 April 1804 33 30 2 *7 6

27J Yn from 10 Oct' 1799 5 April 1827 80 70 5 10 — lO from 10 Octo' 1799.

35t Y» from 10 Oct' 1772 5 April 1808 32 45 5 — — *

43 Y'* from 10 Octo' 1773 10 Octo' 1816 26 90 2 10 —

35 Yr* from 10 Octo' 1773 10 Octo' 1808 42 55 3 15 —

13 Y'» from 10 Octo' 1810 10 Octo' 1823 30 12 3 *5 —

27* Y" from 10 Octo' 1796 5 April 1824 3* 20 3 — — 4 from the Date of the Lease

nf Y" from 5 Ap11812 -24 YM from 5 Ap1 1798 - 10 Octo' 1823 283 80 — — 36 f 20 10 — f 24 till 5 April 1798.

5 April 1822 j-375 240 -r- 130 from that Time.

t-

D* 10 f 3 till 5 April 1798.

r _

ffor such Terra as wo* fill"! up a former Lease to 501 f 1 3 7 <5 from that Time.

i4Decemri82o 54 25 1 10 > J 3 tiling April 1803*

[ Years- -J I \ 3 7 6 from that Time.

46f Y" from 10 Octo' 1770 5 April 1817 750 11 5 —

5 April 1817 >270 450 6 *5 —

46* YM from 10 Oct' 1770 10

46J Y" from 10 Oct' 1770 5 April 1817 300 4

rThe 1st for 30^ Yr< from"! f 2

1 10 Octo'1775 - -[ i The oth' for 38^ Y* from [ 5 April 1806 14 29 { — —

I 10 Octo' 1767 - -J.

OO

*-4

14ine — — _ _ _ ’ _ "I

n>.ee undivided I emh 1-^t, of the »aa>e Pre fl nussru - -M

Pour undivided Tenth Pu„ of u>. eun.e P,emi»M, 1 Me.bUd^c on the North Side of CharU-^1 street; und - _ _ _ _ _ \\

Ot>« Menituu^c on tlia Wc»t Side: of Mitrknl *

James Chauvel, and Robert"!

Mackrelh, Laij'* - -J

John lUynoIdboti, Gent.

Jiunen Chuuv«l,

5 Feb'* 1768 -

8 March 1768 -

Mnrt-h 17S7 —

g

eg'

H"

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

J-

rfs

*0

9

XA

One Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn*] Street; and - [

One Messuage on the West Side of the Hay- [ market - - - - -J

One Messuage on the West Side of the Hay market

One Messuage on the South Side of Charles' Street -

One on the East Side of Saint Albans Street; and -

One on the North Side of Jerrayn Street

Also, One other Messuage on the East Side 01 Saint Alban’s Street -Six Messuages on the West Side of Markett Lane One Messuage on the South Side of Ryder Street,"! and East Side of Bury Street; and Two other > Messuages on the East Side of Bury Street -I Two Messuages and a Stable Yard on the West j Side, and near the upper End, of the Hay- > market ---- -J

One Messuage on the West Side of Duke Street,!

and North Side of Ryder Street -f

Three Messuages on the West Side of Bury Street,!

and North Side of Little Ryder Street - -J One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall Sixteen Messuages on the East Side of S* James’s!

Street, and in King Street - - - - J

One Messuage on the West Side of the Haymarket

Two Messuages on the West Side of the Ilay-' market; and One Messuage Lane

One Messuage on the West Side of S* JamesV Market Place One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly -Four Messuages, Two on the East Side of S* A1 ~ ban’s Street; and - -

Two others on the West Side of Market Lane One Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall One Messuage situate behind the last mentioned

Three Messuages on the North Side of Great! Ryder Street, demised, with several other > Messuages, to - - - -J

Two Messuages on the East Side of Bury Street,\ and North Side of King Street (Part of what was demised to John Harrison) -Two Messuages on the South Side of High Holborn -

Certain Coach Houses and Stables in Black Horse Yard, behind the Messuages last mentioned -

Two Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly -

One other Messuage on the North Side of Piccadilly - - - - . -/

on the East Side of Market

William Eddlev, Gent" (in! Trust) - - - -J

Sir Elijah Impey, Kn* -

Tho* Poppleton, Esqr -

D°....

Henry Grubb -

Dorothea Hawkins

Thomas Wood, Gent.

Samuel Weddell -

Godfrey Wolley, Clerk

George Wagner, Esqr -Richard Stonhewer, E$qr (and another in Trust)

Anna Maria King, W* -

Jonathan Alderton

Jane Harris, Widow -George Pasmore, Gent"

Thomas Robinson

Thomas Worsley, Esqr Richard Watlington .-

Abraham Scott -

Philip Hewes, Gent.

25 May 178(3

26 Fcbry 1779

2 5 July 177

By the same Lease 5 March 1745

3 Feb* 1767

<28 July 1785

22 Decemr 1756

27 March 1773 16 Septr 1785

|> 27 March 1780 11 May 1767

1 March 1760

28 April 1757 21 Novf 1770

14 April 1755

18 Deer 1772 ioJanr/ 1778

21 Jaur7 1785

31 July 17C5

- - — wu IO ^CtOT 1770

4<3* Y'.

from 10 Octr 1770

46^ Y'» from to Octr 1770 pte lat for 30J Y,a from'i j lo Octor *775 - , "J

1 ot»«- lor 3K* \ from I

a o 7'*7 - ~ '

5 Apnl 1817

5 April 1817 5 April 1817

5 A pril a »o<J

70 -1---

32 Yr* from 5 April 1803 25I Yrs from April 1803

35» Yr‘ from ioOctor 1791

22 Yrl from 5 April 1805 26J Yr# from Mich* 1767

41 Years from 5 July 1775

33 Y,# from 5 April 1802

31 Years from 10 OctoT 1775

2i| Years from 5 Ap1 1801

25 J Yr* from 10 Octor 1809

29{ YrS from 10 Octor 1799

43 Yr* from 5 April 1774 j Part for 33 Yr* from io"| J Octor 1776 - - - [

The Remr for 35^ Yrt [ I fr* 5 Ap. 1774 - - J

33 Yr# from 5 April 1774 46 Yra from 5 April 1774

32 Yr* from 10 Octor 1772

33 Y’* from 10 Octor 1789 37J Yr‘from iaOctpr 1789

44J Yr# from 10 Octr 1789

f For such Term as wo- fill! { up the former Leases I I to 50 Y1* - - -J

5 April 1835 10 Octor 1828

5 April 1827 -D°

5 April 1794 5 July 1816 -

5 April 1835 -

10 Octo* 1806

10 Octor 1822 5 April 1835 -5 April 1829 -5 April 1817 -

10 Octo* 1809

5 April 1807 -5 April 1820 -

10 Octor 1804

10 Octor 1822 5 April 1827 -

5 April 1834 -

31 July 1815 -

70----

20 — - —

140 — —

30----

46----

60----

80----

18----

50----

150----

450----

26----

(45----

I 24-----

33----

36 -

80----

40----

20----

53-----

56

5*

12

45

45

loo —

20 —

► 260 —

40 — 180 —

140 —

20-----

25-----

120-----

600-----

85-----

} 70 —

35 —

>7® —

IOO --

46 —

40 — 240 --

50----

8 2 6 15 ~

4 7

1 17

2 10 —

4 >5 — 6----

8 5 -

7 jo —

326

8 5 ~

7 10 — 62 13 9 4-----

3 12 6

3 7 6

426

2 15 —

9 10 —

4 5 —

5-----

3 5 —

1 5 — 3 15 —

2 15~

17 10 —

10-----

18 15 —

from 10 Oct? 1791.

3 6

4 10

from 5 April 1802.

from 10 Octo* 1809.

till 5 April 1774. from that Time.

Us>

S’®?-?

n ST

jar*

a 3* 3

27 Geo. III. 8°

D

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

ESTATES.

Names of Lessees.

Dates of last Leases.

MIDDLESEX continued:

Two Messuages on the East Side of Duke Street, and South Side of Jermyn Street -

N. B. One of these Messuages is since re newed to Samuel Rickards (vide fol. 344.] Two Messuages on the East Side of Duke Street -

One Messuage on the West Side of Saint Alban's Street -

One other Messuage there, adjoining to the last-' mentioned - -

One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly ..... - '

Two Messuages on the North Side of Ryder Street - -

One Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn Street 5 and -

One on the South Side of Piccadilly Five Messuages on the North Side of# Jermyn Street; and -

One Messuage (formerly Stables) between Jermyn Street and Piccadilly -Two Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn' Street -

Four Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn* Street, and West Side of Bury Street -Also, Two Messuages in Crown and Sceptre* Court, late Part of Lord Bathurst's One Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn Street -

One Messuage on the North Side of Jefmyn'

Street ....

One Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn1 Street -

One Messuage on the South Side of S* James's Market; and -Five Messuages on the East Side of Eagle

Street....

Pour Messuages on the South Side of Picca-\ dil ly ----- -J

The Opera House, with Four Messuages in the 1 llayinarket; and - - - - -I

Three in Market Lane - - - - -J

One Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn] Street; and - - - - [

Two Messuages on the North Side of S* James's Market -One Messuage on the South Side of Picca-\

dilly....

One Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn Street ----- -J

Sir John Shelley, Bari -

John Gregory Fleming Pinkstan, Esqr The 3d Fleming Pinkstan John Gregory Rob1 Barnevelt -

James Chauvel, Esqr -

Charles Wale, Esqr

Thoa Potter, Esqr Charlotte Cartwright, W° D° - -

W* Myddleton, Esqr -W® Rickards

Nathan Carrington

Joseph Pratt Edward Vanbrugh, Esqr

John Gray, and Peter Abby] Gray - - - -J

Benjamin Love -Mary Welsh, W°

2 June 1773

17 Feb* 1753 -11 Aug* 1767 -

4 May 1776 -

27 April 1758 -30 Deer 1767 -

7 Feb* 1776 -

14 Deer 1770

19 Jan* 1758 -

28 Jan* 1785 -

By the same Lease.

15 June 1781 -

21 May 1772 -

10 Decern* 1750

10 March 17C2 4 Jan* 1777 -

12 March 1757 -

3 J»iy 1755

14 June 1765 -

3.3

Term* granted. Expiration. Yearlj Value per latest Survey. Fines paid for last Leases* Old Rents. 1 J ncreased Rents 1. ind New Rents. I ( Commencement and Hontineance of New Rents.

25 Yrt from 10 Octor 1797 10 Octor 1822 150 HO 11 5 13 10 — I . is 15 — till 10 Octor 1797. from that Time.

27* Yrt from Mbs. 1774 - 5 April 1802 - 45 — — 35 7 10 — j

40} Yr# from 10 Octr 1776 5 April 1817 - 15 40 5 ~ 1

49x Yr# from 10 Octr 1776 5 April 1826 - 16 151 5 —

50 Y" (on Surrender) 27 April 1808 15 15 a io — I

41 Years from 10 Octr 1776 10 Octor 1817 45 135 7 >5 —

49 Y" from 10 Octr 1776 - 10 Octor 1825 25 140 5 >7 6

3q£ Yrt from 10 Octor 1789 5 April 1820 - 270 265 H 15 — / *7 h — l 33 15 — ! till 10 OctoT 1789. from that Time.

32 Yr# from 5 July 1775 - 5 July 1807 - 150 160 21 lO —

33i Yr# from 6 Ap1 1801 - 6 July 1834 - 195 1 19 5 ~ 24 7 6 1 from 6 April 1801.

17I Yrs from 15 Deer 1816 15 June 1834 45 > 390 — 2 1 5 12 6 from 15 June 1834.

32^ Yr* from 5 July 1798 - 5 Janr7 1831 - 50 60 7 io —

33 Y" from 5 April 1788 -/ 5 April 1821 - 35 30 2 lO — / 3 1 4 7 6 till 5 April 1788. from that Time.

CTo make up the former"! \ Terms 50 Years - -J 21 Dec' 1800- 106 40 C 9 7-\ 2 10 — I 3 15 -

24 Yr# from loOcto* 1787 10 Octor 1811 75 30 7 io —

22^ Y" from 24 Jan^ 1804 24 July 1826 508 350 f 33 8' I *6 *3 4. M 63 10 — from 24 January 180

33 Yr3 from 10 Octor 1773 10 Octor 1806 105 100 5 —

29-Yr# from ioOctor 1775 5 April 1805 - 40 35 1176

39 Yri from 10 Octor 1775 10 Octor 1814 12 — — 24 1176

8° Februarii.

Whsuahh ou V\ie

- - - -n uciijHiuin uovc - - 1 3 J"ty *7.*>5 -

North Suie of J«rmyn\l Mury Welsh, \V- - - 1 1 \ J one -

g

cq‘

N

CD

CL

cr

o

p

li*

to

Two Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn*|l Street, and East Side of Bury Street - -/

Oue Messuage on the East Side of Saint Alban's^ Street

One other Messuage on the East Side of 5* Alban's Street -

William Walton -Thomas Toni ky ns, Esqr Dorothy Harris, W° -

One Messuage on the North Side of Ryder Street -

George Walton -

- 4 Nov* 1765

- 13 Sep* 17^5

- 30 October 17^9

- 23 Aug* 1765 *

Seven Messuages on the North Side of Norris*) Street, and the West Side of the Haymarket -J Three Messuages on the West Side of a paved* Passage on the North Side of Charles Street Two other Messuages on the West Side of the said Passage -

Three Messuages on the East Side of the said \ Passage - - - - /

7'hree other Messuages on the East Side of the said Passage -

One Messuage on the North Side of Charles Street

Two Messuages on the North Side of Kingl Street, and Two on the South Side of Ryder Street -

Five Messuages on the West Side of Well Street *, and -Fivve Messuages on the East Side of the same Street -

One Messuage on the North Side of Charles") Street - j

Two Messuages on the West Side of Duke! Street, demised, with the preceding Mes- > suage, to - - - - -I

Two Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly, and the East Side of Eagle Street - - -J

One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly

Two Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly -

Two Messuages on the North Side of Jermyn" Street, and the South Side of Piccadilly -One Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn* Street -

Seven Messuages on the East Side of S* James's* Street, and South Side of Ryder Street -Two Messuages on the West Side of Duke* Street-

Three Messuages (now Four) on the East Side of* St. James's Street A Piece of Ground with Coach Houses and' Stables, on the West Side of Saint Alban's I Street, being the Stable Yard to Norfolk House - - - -J

One Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn*!

Street, and the East Side of Eagle Street -One Messuage on the North Side of Jermynl Street adjoining to the last mentioned - -J

E!iza and Marg* Pennant

Nathan Carrington, Esqr

Neal Hayton -

Sarah Otway, W°

William Powell, Esqr -

9

Israel Anth* Aufrere -

William Pilton -

Samuel Swabey, and Wife Edmund Waller, EsqT -

Rob* Frisby

Elizabeth Smith, \V° -

Esther Latham, and oth*

Richard Bullock -

Winchcomb Henry Hartley, Esq' - - - -J

Edw* Duke of Norfolk

Edmund Burton -

W* Reid, Clk* and another^ in Trust - - - - J

25 Sepr 1759

4 Novemr 1765 -

1 March 1760 -

2 Aug* 1784

19 October 1782 26 May 1749 -

9 March 1773 -

15 Aug* 1774 -

9 March 1740 -

10 Nov* 1777 -

12 May 1772 -

2iOctori772 -

3 Feb* 1767 4Novri782

15 Feb* 1764 .

24 Nov* 1766 -19 Feb* 1774 -

\ * from loOcto* 1775 r*0 Vr* iioui 10 Octor 177s

5 April 1 805 -10 Octor 1814

J 40--- I 35

I *1"-J

»7 1 17

OO

39f- Yr* from to Octor 1775 3 April 1815 - 55 — — 135 5 10 — *

(Tor such Term as would\ make up 50 Years -J 13 Sepr1815 - 20 45 2 17 6 -

42 Yrs from 10 Octor 1775 lo Octor 1817- 15 40 2

391 Yr*froin loOcto* 1775 5 April 1815 - 26 50 3 15 —

34 Yr» from 5 July 1775 - 5 July 1809 - 170 240 — — 19 10 —

» f For such Term as wod "I { make up the Terms in > [ being 50 Y" - -J 4 Novf 1815 - 21© 600 ' 11 17 6 3 15 — I 5-

36{ Yn from 10 Octof 1772 5 April 1809 - 140 270 —; 21 5 —

20 Y" from Deer 1813 - 4 Decemr 1833 192 100 — 19 Jo — 24 — — from Decern1* 1813.

34 Yr> from 5 April 1798 - 5 April 1832 60 90 — 5 12 6 7 10 — from 5 April 1798.

311 Yr# from Mich* 1766 - 5 April 1798 - 55 1 100 (for all the Three Messuages.) 6 17 6 f being Part of a R©nt of £. 12. 1 os. re-< served for these Messuages and the L preceding one.

37J Y" from 5 Apl 1785 - 10 Octor 1822 - 24 35 1 12 6 3 i from 5 April 1785.

39 Y,# from 5 April 1785 - 5 April 1824 - 40 60 163 5 from the Date.

25! Yr» from Mhs. 1773 - 5 Apnl *799 - 60 — — 40 12 lO —

30^ Yn from 10 Octor 1796 5 April 1827 - 90 80 5 — — JJ 5 — from 10 Oct* 1796,

25 YM from 10 Qctor 1796 - 10 OctoT 1821 - 53 +8 .3 15 — / 4 10 — I 6 1* G till io OctT 1796. from that Time.

43 Yr* from 10 Octor 1778 - 10 Octor 1821 - 170 660 19 10 — 21 5 — from 10 Octr 1778.

31 Y" from 10 Octr 1785 - 10 Octr 1816 - 70 70 5 —

41J Yn from 5 April 1790 - 10 Octr 1831 - 300 1,100 - 20 37 JO — from 5 April 1790.

24I Y" from 5 April 1789 - 10 Octor 181*3 - 60 30 3 15 —

28 Yn from 5 April 1788 - 5 April 1816 - 25 20 *39.

35 Yr* from 5 April 1788 - 5 April 1823 - 30 36 3 9 f 8 49 e l8«- tiB 5 April 1738. from that Time.

a

m

o

00

o

uo

Os>

W2.S-W

g

cq'

N

CD

Q.

cr

STATES.

Names of Lessees.

MIDDLESEX continued:

Dates of last Leases.

SI

a.'J

Seventeen Messuages, and several Coach Houses' and Stables, on the West Side of the Hay-market

Four Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly One other Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly -

And One Messuage on the South Side of Shug Lane -Eleven Messuages situate together on the South Side of Jermyn Street, the East Side of Market Street, and the North Side of Saint James's Market -

One Messuage on the West Side of Bury Street -Seven small Messuages on the West Side of Duke'

Street - ....

Two Messuages on the West Side of Buiy Street

One Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn

Street ....._

One Messuage on the West Side of Duke Street -Two Messuages on the North Side of King Street, and the West Side of Duke Street, and One Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall -

One Messuage on the West Side of Markettl Street - - - - -J

Two Messuages on the North Side of King Street -Seventeen Messuages on the South Side of Pall" Mall -

Two Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly -Three Messuages on Lane -Three Messuages on Swallow Street And One Messuage on the East Side of S* Alban's Street One Messuage on the East Side of S( Albans'! Street ---- -J

One Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn Street] (demised with Three other Messuages, since I renewed to S. Rickards, as under) -J

Six Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly Three Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly,'! and West Side of Eagle Street (Part of the I Premisses demised to Tho* Churchill, as above) J One other Messuage (formerly Two) on the] South Side of Piccadilly, late Anthony I

Noil's.....I

Oue other Messuage in Duke Street and^ Jermyn Street, late Sir Johu Shelley’s -J

the West Side of Market*

the West Side of Great

> Francis Paddey, Esqr -Christopher Key, Gent.

Richard Cambridge, Esqr

Nathaniel Brett, E*qr -Thomas Clarke -

Alexander Chambers -

Hannah Chilton, W° -Elizabeth Scott, W°

Charles Phillips, Esqr

Wm Phillipps, Clerk, and *1 Jonathan Phillipps, Esqr -J James West, Esqr

The Honble Tho# Hervey

John Johnson and William!

Brotherton - - -J

Edwd Eastham and Ileny 1 Gregory - - -J

Richard Kerby, Esqr -

Elizabeth Merrick

Tho> Churchill -D° - -

Samuel Rickards

D° - -

D° -

25 June 1765 -

28 Fcbr* 1756 -

9 Octor 1770

3 Febr7 1767

19 April 1775 -

2 Octor 1765

11 May 1782 -

20 July 1776

21 Febry 1758 -

19 July 1780 -

27 June 1777 -

8 Aug* 1760

1 April 1738

25 May 1762 -

31 March 1784 -

27 July 1776 -

26 July 1750 -

by the same Lease 14 Octor 1784 -

by the same Lease D° -

Terms granted.

22J Y" from 5 April 1792

ffor such Term as would I make up the former I Terms to 50 Yr* -

26£Y"from 10 Octor 1793

32I Yu from 10 Octor 1783

i2f Y" from 5 April 1812

f 50 Yn from the Date \ (on SurrO -

26 YT* from 5 July 1805

39 Y*» from 5 April 1787 -

20 Yr# from 5 April 1787 -

23 Yr# from 5 April 1807 -39 J Yr‘ from 5 April 1787 -

21 Yr* from 5 April 1789 -

47 Yri from Mbs. 1740 45 Y" from 5 April 1767 -

32I Yr,frora 5 April 1801 -

361 Yri from 5 April 1789 -

34I Yr# from Mbs. 1765 -

34 Yr# from Lady Day 1766 17 Yn from loOcto* 1816 -

19 J Yn from 5 April 1814 -11 YM from io Octur 1822 -

Expiration.

10 Octor 1814 28 Feb*? 1806

5 April 1820 -

5 April 1816 -10 Octor 1824

2 Octor 1815 -

5 July 1831 -5 April 1826 -

5 April 1807 -

5 April 1830 -10 Octor 1826 5 April 1810 -

10 Octr 1787 -

5 April 1812 -

10 Octor 1833

10 Octor 1825

5 April 1800 -5 April 1800 -10 Octor 1833

D°

D°

Yearly Value per latest Survey,

480----

IOO----

14 - -

300----

3*----

70----

46----

50----

15----

120----

30----

60 — — 380----

28----

30----

95----

48----

20----

103----

95----

75----

50----

Fines paid for last Leases.

200 -

35-----

230----

35-----

20-----

40-----

40 —

25 —

40-----

24----

150-----

130 — —

50 —

90-----

110 —

80-----

f6o (for these J Four Mes I suages)

150 —

1

110 —

Old Rents.

Increased Rents and New Rents.

55-----

13 15 — 1 5 —

l 17 6

31 5-

2 IO —

4 5 —

3 7 6

7 10 —

1 6 —

6 14-

3116

4 —

37 10 —

3 10 —

2 12 6

f 2 12 6

\ a----

2 15~

2----

9 *5 — "35 —

I 3 10 —

37 1° —

5 5 —

1E||

' I

Commencement and Continuance of New Rants*

{from the Date of the Lease.

ffrom the Date of the \ Lease.

rPart of a Rent of £.10. 5 s. 6d. reserved for these and the Messuage I next mentioned, which was contained in the same Lease.

7 10 —

7 10 —

4. 7 6 6-----

from 5 April 1787.

krom 5 April 1801.

from the 5 April 1789.

{Part of a Rent of £. 5. 5*. reserved for the said Four Messuages.

11 17 6

9 7 6

6 5 -

from 10 Octr 181ft.

from 5 April 1814.

8° Februarii. 4. 1787.

---- uciuAtlly, lute Anthony U L>«

Nuu‘« - j \

AlO oUiev in l>uk« fSCr«et 4v«»cl\l

ur\n> n bVthd, Hir Juilli tM»cUvy - J \ ~

- tli« Mime I„cu*e

19 !t Vr* from 5 A|»il 1814

. % ,lu.n 10 Octw.'

7*5

so

from 5 April 1814.

g

eg

1 — H

n‘

CD

CL

CT

O

o

o

oo

FT

r

i*

7

H

,n

-I

-j

Three Messuages on the North Side of Jermyn Street, and Three small Messuages in a Court behind them

The Fleece Inn (now the White Bear) and Six Other Messuages, lying together on the South Side of Piccadilly, aua North Side of Jenny; Street -

One Messuage on the North Side of King Street -One Messuage on the West Side of Hedge Lane One Messuage on the East Side of Bury Street -One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly A Piece of Ground with Twenty Messuages there- on, situate together on the South Side of Piccadilly, the North Side of Jermyn Street, the East Side of Church Passage, and in Church Court; and another Piece of Ground with Five Messuages, on the South Side of Little Je» myn Street, Six Messuages on the East Side of S* James’s Street, and Four in Crown and Scepter Court Three Messuages on the South ‘Side of Jermyn! Street, and Two behind them, extending to the > North Side of Saint James's Market One Messuage on the West Side of Bury Street One Messuage on the West Side of Duke Street One Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly One Messuage on the West Side of Bury Street Three Messuages and a Stable Yard, on the West'* Side of Duke Street -j

One Messuage on the East Side of Market Lane -Two Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly,"! and Two other Messuages behind them, on the { North Side of Jermyn Street (the Whole formerly ( Eight Messuages) ----- -J

One Messuage on the West Side of Saint Albans Street -

One Messuage on the West Side of Saint Alban’s Street -

One Messuage on the West Side of Bury Street -Three Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn*) Street, and the West Side of Duke Street -/ One Messuage on the North Side of Little R^derl Street- - - - - J

Two Messuages on the West Side of Bury Street, Three Messuages on the West Side of Duke Street, and several small Tenements in a Court behind them - -

Oue Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn Street (late Robert Arthur) -Also Seven Messuages in Little Jermyn Street and* Saint James's Street (late Lord Bathurst's)

Four Messuages on the North Side King Street/ and the West Side of Bury Street -

Fourteen Messuages, situate together on the West* Side of the Hay market, the North Side of Pall Mall, and the East Side of Market Lane

John Jones«

Robert Mael, and others

James Meredith -D° -

Kenton Couse, Gent® - Joshua Sharpe, Gent® -

Charles Manningham, Esqr

Waring Willett, Clerk -

Daniel Cave Isaac Du Thil, Esqr -John and Wra Gibbard -George Walton -

William Adair, Esq.

Thomas Smith - *

Charlotte Bowes, Spinr

Mary Broughton -

Charles Barnes -Edmund Calamy -Edward Holden -

David Price -

Thomas Clarke -

Robert Mackreth, Esqr

D#....

Geo. Ivison Tapps, Esqf

Henry S1 George Darrell, Esq*

26 Feb* 177a -

a* Maju 1770

3 May 1774 by the same Lease 23 Feb* 1784 . 20 Octor 1778 -

21 Jan* 1785 -

2 Teh* 1773 .

j Julyj76g 25 May-"1758 -20 July 1764

3 March 1763 -

14 March 1775 -14 April 1767 -

18 June 1761

4 Novr 1766

30 Aug* 1782 -3 June 1767 27 Aug* 1762 -

16 Nov* 1763 -

2 Feb* 1760

22 May 1786 -

By the same Lease 2 Decemr 1780 -

27 June 1764

30 Yn from 10 Octo* 1790

28J Yr* from 5 Ap11791 -

35 Y*» from 10 Octo* 1788 35 Y"from 12 Feb* 1789 16 Y* from 5 July 1817 -41 Yr,from 10 Octo* 178$

i7f Yn from 15 Dec* 1816

36I Y*» from 10 Octo* 1785

30} Y*from 10 Octo* 1782 25J Y" from 10 Octo* 1782 32 Yrtfrom 10 Octo* 1781 30 Yr$ from 10 Octo* 1782

15IYn from 10 Octo* 1808

42 Yr# from 10 Octo* 1774

291 Yn from 10 Octo* 1781

{For such Term as would"! make up 50 Years -J

26 Y* from 10 Octo* 1805

36* Y*» from 10 Octo* 1780

3of Y" from 5 April 1781

33$ Yn from 10 Octo* 1779

2(jf Y*» from 10 Octo* 1779

28 Yn from 17 Jan* 1807 18 Y" from 15 Dec* 1816 26 J Y*1 from 10 Octo* 1803

22 Y" from 5 April 1792 -

10 Octo* 1840 33 50 —

10 Octo' 1819 218 450 —

10 Octo' 1843 50 65 —

14 Fcbr 1844 30 30 —

5 July 1833 - 30 16 —

10 Octo* 1827 40 no — . —

15 June 1834 600 — — , 560 —

5 April 1822 - 9* 150 —

5 April 1813 - 17 20 «.

5 April 1808 - 20 — 15 50 10

10 Octo* 1813 50

10 Octo* 1812 18

5 April 1824 - 34 20 — _

10 Octo* 1816 18 — _ 50 — —

5 April 1811 - 75 — — 50 — —

4 Nov* 1816 - *5 *5 — —

10 Octo* 1831 50 54 — — 45 — — 4o _

5 April 1817 -10 Octo* 1811 28 50

5 Jan* 1813 -5 April 1809 - 26 — _ Ho — 33 — — ll5 — —

17 Jan* 1835 75 . K

15 Decern* 1834 210 r l9o -1

5 April 1830- 75 — . J -7o — _

5 April 1814 - 45o f^d Rent . \i8o -

6 5 -

16 15 —

5 n

l 13

4 —

3 15 —

6

4

83----

7 17 6 1 14 6

4 10 — 3 18 —

1 14 6

846

2 5 —

lo----

a 5 —

6 5-3 15 — 846

2 15 — 18 17 6

7 10 —

56 5-

7 10 —

7 17 6

{40 4 — 27 5 —

3 15 3 15 5 —

145----

46 5 — 9 7 6

from the Date of the Lease from 5 July 1817. from 10 Octo’ 1786.

from 15 Dec' 1816.

till 10 Oct' 1790. from that Tim*.

till 5 April 1791. from that Time.

from 15 Deer 1816. from 10 Octo11803.

P

-J

a

pj

o

°°o

a*

A — *

Reserved in Addition to the Old Rent from 5 April 1794.

S?2>g-w

1

D

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

ESTATES. Names of Lessees. Dates of last Leases. Terms granted. Expiration. fearly Value per latest Survey. Fines paid fi r last Leases. Old Rents. 11 1 ncreased Rents ind New Rents.

MIDDLESEX continued:

One Messuage on the North Side of S* James's"]

Market, and One other Messuage behind the same, and Two other Messuages on the North Thomas Ridge, Esq* - - 4 March 1754 - 36£ Y" from 10 Octo* 1766 5 April 1803 - 75 90 ' 4 12 6 1

Side of S* James's Market -J . 5 10 — 1

One Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn Street Joseph Pearce - z6 FeW 1767 - 49 J Y* from 10 Oct* 1766 5 April 1816 - 18 120 o e 1

Two Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly - Joseph Edmonson - 19 June 1754 37 Y" from 10 Octor 1766 10 Octor 1803 0 -p- < 00 0 1 1 1 1 1 65 *5 1 3 15 — 8 10 — I

Tour Messuages on the North Side of Jermyn Stree Robert Shank, Gent. - - 17 June 1780 2G Y" from 5 April 1804 5 April 1830 - 80 % 12 ——

One Messuage on the West Side of S* James's] Market Place ... - - -J Elizlh Coulthurst - 11 Febry 1764 - 39 Y*‘ from 5 April 1774 - 5 April 1813 - 38 80 5 1 D

Three Messuages on the West Side of S* James's] Market Place ----- -I Martha Sparrow', Spin* - 11 May 1776 - 22I Y" from 10 Octo* 1803 5 April 1826 - 100 60 115 — 1

The Ground, Market House, Shops, Stalls, and] other Buildings, called S* James's Market - J Thomas Hall, Esqr - 22 May 1696 - 99 YT* from Mich" 174° - 10 Octo* 1839 500 i>3°° — lo — I

One Messuage on the West Side of Market Street Thomas Allen, Junr - 4 March 1784 - 30 Y" from 5 April 1803 5 April 1833 - 20 30 3261

Two Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly - Anne Fuller, \V° - - 4 March 1784 - 30J Y" from 5 April 1803 10 Octo* 1833 60 80 5 7 10 —

One Messuage on the East Side of Saint Alban's"1 Street- ---- -J Thomas Bishop - 25 May 1758 - 32 Y*» from 5 July 1775 - 5 July 1807 - 18 20 2 5 — #

One Messuage on the West Side of Market Lane -A Piece of Ground containing Half an Acre,' John Lamley - 20 July 1758 40 Y*1 from 10 Oct* 1767 10 Octo*.1807 2 6 60 — 5 — ’

with Nineteen Messuages thereon, on the M'est Side of King Street, the North Side of ► William Sharpe, Esq* - . 28 July 1764 22 Yn from 25 Feb* 1792 25 Feb* 1814 200 80 15 12 6

Beak Street, and the East Side of Swallow Street -

Three Messuages on the North Side of Pieca-'

dillv- and South Side of Shug Lane; Two other Messuages on the South Side of Shug > Lane, and One on the East Side of Ayr Street ---- Two Messuages on the North Side of Picca-' dilly - -J One Messuage on the North Side of Piccadilly - Guy Stone - - 24 Decern* 1763 38 Yrs from 5 April 1775 5 April 1813 - 89 200 7 12 6

Thomas Allen - 21 July 1773 50 Y" (on Surrender) 21 July 1823 45 75 f 1 5 — l 2 7 6

John Dickenson - - 23 Jan* 1767 - 41 Y" from 5 July 1775 - 5 July 181G - 25 65 2 IO —

Two Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly - Charlotte Cartwright, \V° - 29 Nov* 1765 - 39J Yr# from 5 July 1775 - 5 Jan* 1815 - 56 — — 140 3

Two Messuages on the West Side of S\yallowT Street - - - - -j Nathan Carrington - 11 Decern* 1758 For such 'Perm as would make up 50 Yrs from the Date - n Dec* 1808 20 20 2 IO

A Piece of Ground on the West SideofSwal-1 60

low Street, whereon formerly stood Six Messuages, Five of which were then in HuinsJ - By the sarpe Lease D - - - - 43IY" from 5 July 1775 - D° 35 4 10 —

One Messuage on the West Side of Ayr Street Thomas Bush - 9 Octo* 1769 5 Jan* 1819 - 20 50 2 IO — 3

Two Messuages on the West Side of Ayr Street - Sarah Cookson - - 22 June 1761 35i Yr* from 5 July 1775 - 5 April 1811- 32 — — 1 50 476

One Messuage on the West Side of Ayr Street] And Two Messuages on the East Side of Vine } 36 Y*1 from 5 April 1768 -

William Cox - - 5 Decern* 1754 ' 5 April 1804 - 65 110 4 10-

Street - - - - -J 39i 'Yn from 5 April 1768

Two Messuages on the East Side of Ayr Street William Higgins - - 27 April 1758 - 10 Octo* 1807 ,3 20 326

One Messuage on the North Side of Little Swal- low Street - - - -J Samuel Vandewall, and Wm [ Markes - - - -J 11 Feb* 1761 - 42 Y*# from 5 April 1768 5 April 1810 - 14 35 2 10 —

Two Messuages on the South Side of Marybone ( Street ---- - -J Chas Akers, and John Harris 27 April 1758 - 38 Yr# from 10 Oct* 1769 10 Octo* 1807 Co 110 326

Eleven Messuages in Marybone Street, Gibson's^ Court, and Castle Street -J Edw4 Ilodsoll, and Edw4] Sleech, Esq" (in Trust) - J 2 Octo* 1779 27 Yrt from 5 April 1802 5 April 1829 110 100 — — 11 17 6 13 15 "

Three Messuages on the East Side of Great Swal-\ low Street Keane Fitagerald, Esqr - 13 Decern* 1764 48 Y*‘ from 5 April 1766 5 April 1814- 18 — — 83 1 17 6

Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

from 5 April 1804.

from 5 April 1803.

ffrom the Date of L Lease.

from 5 April 1802.

On

the

00

v)

‘ - °" -h' Sra‘ S"'C 0l’ Mar.yU>I"-^l Cl.u* Akers, and John Uurri.

V.lt-v* n MesMiagea in Marybonc Street, Ciib6on’a\l I:.ilw4 llodholl, and Kdwd^ t’tmrt, and Cahl\r Street - - J \ Slcccb, Kku'* (iii TrustO - |

Mr(vkuhK-’» *-»»» t\»o tdittV Side of Grcut luw - ----- _ I \ »V»:u»»o I'llu^nrulU, l, Hlr -

l & rcu - - / " -

*7 April 1758

‘2 OctOr I77y

42 \ r* from 5 April 1768 38 Yr» from to Oclr 1769

27 Y'1 from 5 April iSo'j

4m Y" Irum 5 April

5 April 1B10 -10 Octo' 8°7 5 Ajrril »8 ^3

S April 1 '

60

11"

E£

--- j front 5 April xSo-j.

g

CQ

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

rT

S

P*

y

Four Messuages (formerly One Messuage) on the South Side of Glasshouse Street Four Messuages, with several Coach Houses and j Stables, on the Fast Side of Great Swallow) Street, anti North Side of Little Swallow Street, now converted into Eight Messuages A Stable ami Coach House on the West Side of Castle Street; and One Messuage, with Coach Houses and Stables, on the South Side of Shug Lane -

Four Messuages situate on the West Side of Swallow Street, and the South Side of Glasshouse Street -

Six Messuages on the South Side of Marybone" Street, and Nine Messuages and a Stable Yard on the Fast Side of Great Vine Street: Also

Six Messuages on the West Side of Great Vine Street, and Three Messuages on the South Side

of Glasshouse Street.....>

Two Messuages on the East Side of Vine Street -Two Messuages on the West'Side of Ayr Street -A Piece of Ground, with Fourteen"wall Tenements,'1 in a Place called Murrells Yard, on the North Side of Piccadilly: Also the Angel Inn, and Three other Tenements, on the North Side of Piccadilly -

Three Messuages on the West Side of Ayr Street Fight Messuages situate together on the North Side of Marybone Street, the South Side Brewer Street, and the Fast Side of Francis Street -Also One Messuage on the North Side of Pic- cadilly, and One on the East Side of Great [ Swallow Street - - - - -J

And One Messuage on the West Side of Ayr! Street ---- -J

Five Messuages on the West Side of Swallow! Street, and Two Messuages on the North Side [ of Piccadilly - - - - J

Two Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly,! and One Messuage behind the same, in Castle J Street -

One Messuage (since converted into Two) on the South Side of Marybone Street -One Messuage and a Passage on the North Side of Marybone Street -

One Messuage on the South Side of Marybone Street -

Nine Messuages on the East Side of Great Swallow Street, and Two Messuages on the West l Side of Vine Street, with a Stable Yard between f the Premisses in those Two Streets -J

A Piece of Ground on the East Side of Swallow'j Street, and the West Side of Vine Street, with [ Fifteen Messuages and other Buildings there' ( o n - - - - «s - - J

rthl

oft

cis j

Anne Greening, W° Anthony Bruce -

Mary Holbech -

Anne Greening, W#

Sir Joseph Andrews, Bai* -

Richard Trowbridge Wm Beckford, Esq*

John Elwes, Esqr

Hannah Birch Edward Smith, Gent" -

D° - . -D° -

Jane Viscountess Dowager 1 Gall way - - -j

Sarah Conyers, W#

John Farr -Elizabeth May -William Robins -

Catharine Symons, W*

28 Sepr 1784

3 May 1754

Robert Pardoe, Esqr, and John Rhodes, Jun* -

24 Decemr 1763 28 Sep* 1784 -

16 Febr* 1775 _

8 July 1766 23 July 1766

27 Feb* ,752 _

5 Feb* 1752 27 Feb* 1765

1

by the same Lease D* -

26 May 1766 _

30 Octo* 1769 _

26 June 1760 28 Feb1* 1772 21 July 1748

27 April 1786 26 March 177$

30 Yn from 5 April 1804

For such Term as would! makeup 50 Y" from the > Date -J

23* Y*4 from 10 Octo* 1789 33 Yrs from 5 April 1801

m

22 Yn from 5 April 1802

45 f Yn from 10 Octor 1767 45I Yr* ironi 10 Octor 17G7

33 Y*s from Mich* 1765 -

31 Yr# from Mich* 1769 -

For such Term as would! make up a former Term J toso Years - -J

D°

D° -

I5f Y*4 from 19 June 1800

22 Y* from 10 Octo* 1795

24 Y* from 10 OctoT 1785

30 Y" from 10 Octo* 1790

For such Term as would") make up 50 Yn - - J

24 Y" from 5 April 1811 35 Yrr# from 5 April 1789

5 April 1834 60 — — 90 476

3 May 1804 100 — 20 5 XO —

5 April 1813 42 25 3 15 —

5 April 1834 50 100 3 5 — / 17 10 —

5 April 1824 521 350 \ 6 17 6

5 April 1813 5 April 1813 OX 0 0 11 11 230. 230 5 l* 6 5 12 6

10 Octor 1798 228 300 34 >5 —

10 Octor 1800 55 50 6

27 Feb* 1815 16s - - 8 15 —

- 34 — " /1,500^ 3 5 —

- 28 /m 3 5 —

19 Decern* 1815 90 J5 - 13 a 6

10 Octor 1817 65 20 5

10 Octo* 1809 54 30 3

10 Octor 1820 50 42 3 7 6

1 Augc 1798 - 22 30 a 10 —

5 April 1835 200 190 7 15 —

5 April 1824 244 440 8 15 —

7 10 —

6 5 —

129 5 —

{ s-

25----

/ H 17 —

\ 30 10 —

from 5 April 1804,

from 5 April 1801«

ffrom the Date of the \ Lease.

till 10 Octor 1790^ from that Time.

from 5 April 1811.

till 5 April 1789. from that Time.

*^1

§,s*s-5l

lit

27 Geo. III. 8° Februarii.

S

I B ®

hI

CL

ESTATES.

o

o

o

oo

?T

MIDDLESEX continued:

A Piece of Ground, with Coach Houses and Stables,! on the West Side of Swallow Street: Also a>

Messuageon the North Side of Glasshouse StreetJ One Messuage on the North Side of Piccadilly Three Messuages and other Buildings on the" North Side of Piccadilly -One Messuage (being the Corner House) on the? North Side of Piccadilly, and West Side of Ayr Street -

One Messuage on the West Side of Ayr Street,' adjoining to the Messuage last mentioned; One Messuage on the North Side of Piccadilly, extending to Shug Lane; and Two other Messuages on the South Side of Shug Lane -One Messuage on the North Side of Piccadilly, Seven Messuages on the South Side of Shug Lane, and One other Messuage on the South I Side of Shug Lane; All which, together with / the Messuages renewed as above to Joshua Sharpe and Elizabeth Ottley, were demised, under One Rent of £.20, to -Twenty-one Messuages, and a Stable Yard, situated together on the West Side of Swallow Street, I the North Side of Glasshouse Street, and South f Side of Leicester Street - - - - -J

One Messuage on the North Side of Piccadilly -One Messuage oh the North Side of Piccadilly -A Messuage, called The Black Bear Inn, with! the Stables, and other Buildings thereto be.- > longing ---- -J

A Chapel on the West Side of Swallow Street

Four Messuages on the North Side of Castle Street

Two Messuages on the East Side of Ayr Street Four Messuages on the West Side of Ayr Street," and South Side of Marybone Street Two Messuages, with Coach Houses and Stables/ on the South Side of Marybone Street -One Messuage on the East Side of Vine Street/ and Two on the East Side of Great Swallow Street -

Three Messuages on the North Side of Picca- dilly -

Two Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly -One Messuage on the South Side of Castle Street Two Messuages on the East Side of Ayr Street -One Messuage on the East Side of Vine Street -

Names of Lessees. Dates of last Leases. Terms granted.

Henry Fane, EsqT John Chilton -Mary Hudson, \V° 09 May 1764 20 Feb* 1756 -4 Novem* 1746 For sutJh Term as would! make up 50 Y*» from the; Date -J 31 i Y from 5 April 1774 50 Y" (on Surrender) , -

Joshua Sharpe, Gent. 17 March 1781 38 Y" from io Octo* 1792

Elizabeth Ottley, Spiar 10 Jan* 1778 - 34£Yre from 10 Octo* 1792

William Sharpe, Esqr - t 6 Aug* 1743 «i Yn from Mich1 1771 -

James Jurin, Esqr 3 July 1755 50 Y*1 (on Surrender)

Caleb Furnell, and oth*1 George Keightly - 19 July 1785 -7 Aug* 1758 - 24I Y* from 10 Octo* 1810 27 Years from 5 Ap11780

Henry Martin, Esqr - 29 May 1764 - 33i Y" from 10 Octo* 1780

Jac Blyth, and others (in Trust) Robert Strong - Andrew Patterson Joseph Tealing - 9 Octo* 1769 - 4 March 1767 - 15 March 1771 3 March 1758 39$ Y" from 5 April 1779 ffor such Term as would! \ make up 50 Y*1 from I y the Date - - -J 42 Y" from 10 Octo* 1778 32 Yr* from 10 Octo* 1775

Tho* Holbeche, Gent, (in Tr.) 19 July 1785 - 26 Y" from 10 Octo* 1808

James Mallors - - - 3 Decern* 1767 42 Y* from 5 July 1775 -

John Gaistin, and Abraham Hancock (in Tr.) J Oliver Carr -John Machin, Esqf Stephen Popham James Mallors - 1 26 June 1779 2 Feb* 1760 31 March 1763 15 Feb* 1764 -26 May 1766 26J Yrt from 5 July 1804 33i Y" from 5 July 1775 40 Y* from 10 Octo* 1772 41 Yw from 10 Octo* 1772 45 £ YM from 5 April 1770

Expiration. Yearly Value per latest Survey. Fines paid for last Leases. Old Rents.

29 May 1814 Il8 45 r 3 a 6 1 1 17

10 Octo* 1805 24 *36 15 —

15 Nov* 1796 55 30 7 10 —

10 Octo* 1830 15 40 2

5 April 1827 - I 1 130 00 <0

10 Octo* 1792 { 50 (for all the Messuages demised.) n 13 4

3 July 1805 - 650 — 120 13 IO —

5 April 1835 5 April 1807 35 — f»5 20 „ 20 2 IO — 2 10 —

5 April 1814 50 45 5

10 Octo* 1818 3, 55 2 IO —

4 March 1817 43 ,30 f 3 15 "7 / 2 12 6

10 Octo* 1820 40 230 2 15 —

10 Octo* 1807 73 65 8

10 Octo* 1834 80 80 4

5 July 1817 - 43 130 576

5 Jan* 1831 110 — — 80 8 10 —

5 April 1809 10 Octo* 1812 10 Octo* 1813 10 Octo* 1815 47 14 37 35 1 l l l l 1 1 1 0 -w* 0 0 »o C« ci — — N 5 10 — 1 *5 — 3 22 6

Iaereued Rents

and New Rents.

10 10

Commencement and Continuant* of New Rents.

us

00

from 10 Octo* 179*.

/being the Residue of the Rent of £. 2o 1 reserved for the Whole. 00

L o

*>J

4 >5 —

3-----

10-----

13 *5 —

from 5 July 1804.

from 10 Octo* 1808.

55:

from the Date of the Lease

till 10 Octor 1778. from that Time.

from 10 Octor 1808.

00

vjj

lit

.....yic fvorth Side of Piccadilly ~

Two MmuS.o"n ica;"l' »"»« °/ t "-.tie Street Ooe Mtrauuge on to I

..... ttwit-wnt

Oliver Carr John Machin, Ksqf Stephen Popham Jumc» Mallurt

g

to'

n'

CD

CL

cr

n

o

o

*C>

Two Messuages, one on the West Side of Ayr Street, the other behind it, extending to Little Swallow Street -

Two Messuages on the East Side of Ayr Street, and the North Side of Castle Street - -4

Two Messuages on the East Side of Ayr Street, and South Side of Marybone Street Three Messuages situate together on the North4 Side of Piccadilly, the East Side of Ayr Street, and the South' Side of Castle Street - -J

Six Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn' Street, and the West Side of Market Lane; and One Messuage on th£ West Side of the flaymarket - - - \

Six Messuages on the South Side of Piceadilly, and! Three on the West Side of the Haymarket -J

James Audesley *

David Cocke -

John Malcott

Elizabeth Morris, W° -

Robert Ilucks, Esqr Samuel Smith

j

C|

One Messuage on the West Side of Ayr Street

Two Messuages and other Buildings on the North Side of Piccadilly, and the South Side of Castle Street -

Four Messuages on the North Side of Jermyn Street, and East Side of Duke Street Two Messuages on the East Side of Bury Street -Two Messuages on the East Side of St. Alban* Street -

Two Messuages on the North Side of Charles Street, and West Side of Market Lane; and One Messuage on the East Side of St. Alban's Street -

Also, Two Messuages on the East Side of St. Alban's Street, and North Side of Charles Street -

Thirty-six Messuages and a Stable Yard, situate-together on the West Side of Sherrard Street, the South Side of Brewer Street, the East Side of Francis Street, and the North Side of Marybone Street -

Two Messuages on the West Side of Swallow Street One Messuage on the East Side of Bury Street -Four Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly/I and the East Side of Eagle Street - -J One Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn Street And one other Messuage on the East Side of Bury Street - -One Messuage on the West Side of Ayr Street Three Messuages on the West Side of LittleT Queen Street - - - - -J

Fifteen Messuages on the North Side of Highs Holborn, Twelve Messuages on the South Side of the same Street, Fifteen Messuages on the I West Side of Newton Street, Ten Messuages \ on the East Side of the same Street, Two ' Messuages in White Horse Yard, and One Messuage in Princes Street - - . .

5

Elizabeth Hanson

Joseph Ballard -

Revd Sam* Glass, D. D. William Brummell -

Jonan Chadwick Durden, Esqr

Robert Smith -D9....

Lord Robert Manners -

Thomas Townsend James Stephen -

D° -

D* -

D° -

Peter Botterberg Hannah Maberly, W# -

Thomas Lee, Esqr

a Febr>r 1760 31 March 1763 ifS Feb,y 17^4 uO May 1766

33| Yr* from 5 July 1775 4° Yf> from 10 0 u*r 177‘J 4 V" from 10 Oi for 1 77 J 45f VN from S April 177°

5 Jitter iKji

5 April 1 Ro(j I o Or t«»r 1 S j

1 O < of t« >r R j IO Oclor J 8 J A

I 10

47

>4

37 -"5 -

*3 *5

from 5 July 1804.

— 1753

4 July 1763 4 March 1754 -

2 March 1753

22 Febrr 1775 -

4 March 1754 -6 June 1754

9 Novem* 1779 -

22 July 1786 13 June 1760 -

5 Feb'* 1773 -

15 March 1771 -By the same Lease

8 August 177a -

30 July 1754 -

8 Novr 1763

By the same Lease

D° -

D* -

27 Aug1 1767 -4 May 1779

11 July 1765

33 Yn from Lady Day 1769

47 Yn from 5 April 1766 -37 Y" from 5 April 1766

34x Y" from 5 April 1768

21 Yn from 10 Octor 1803 -33J Yr* from 10 Octor 1769 36 Y"from 5 April 1768 -

*25 Yn from 5 April 1804 -

27J YM from 5 April 1808 -35f Yrt from 5 April 1774 -Si Yn from 29 Jan^ 1807

45 Yn from 10 OctoT 1775 -16 Yr# from 10 Octor 1804 -

i6| Yr* from 25 Fcb^ 1805

37 Y" from 5 Ap1 17G6 -

291 Yn from 10 Octr 1783 .

io£ YM from 10 Octr 1802 -

27 Y^fronj 5 Ap1 1786

ioi Yn from 10 Octor 1802

47 Yr# from 5 April 1770 -

26 Yn from 5 April 1802 -

For such Term as would make up 50 Yr* from the Uate -

5 April 1802 -

5 April 1813 5 April 1803 -

10 Octobr 1802

10 Octobr 1824 5 April 1803 -5 April 1804 -

5 April 1829

10 Octor 1835 10 Octor 1810 -29 July 1822

10 Octof 1820 D#

25 Aug* 1821

April 1803 -April 1813 -

D*

D° -

April 1817 -5 April 1828 -

11 July 1815 -

35----

16----

25 -

50 -

142----

180----

26 -

60----

140----

4* ’

66----

54-----

44 — ~

,200 — " 28 — -

143 -

28 — 100 —

604 —

40----

60----

30----

60----

60----

270 — —

124 (for this and Two j other Mes-[suages)

59-----

15°-----

50-----

20 — —

234 — —

250----

40 — 50 —

160 — 80 —

220 — —

3 5 —

3 5 — 2 10 —

6----

826 13 *7 6

v 1 ,o -

6 10 —

10 7 6

6 10 — 5 15-

6 12 6

85 7 6

*5 —

2 10 —

3 5 6

2 2 —

5----

25 — 12 10# —

5° —

9 15

for this Messuage only.

7 10 —

17 10 —

6 18 — t 8 5 -

1 7 — 1 6 15 —

102 9

150 —

from 5 April 1804.

from 5 April 1808.

till 29 JanTy. 1807. from that Time.

till 10 OcUr 1775. from that Time.

till 25 Feb. 1805. from that Time.

u

o

p

rfrom the Date of the 1 Lease.

OO

C

55:

4-

vo

-- c «* — 1

50 O ~

2? -> er

X

*3

ffl

*5 s?

o-3

3

g

cq'

N

CD

Q-

cr

ESTATES.

MIDDLESEX continued:

A Piece of Ground with Twelve small Mes-' suages thereon, situate on the South Side of High Holborn, and in White Hart Yard, and Drury Lane -

Two Messuages on the South Side of High' Holborn -

Three Messuages on the South Side of High* Holborn, and One on the East Side of Drury Lane -

One Messuage (being the Corner House) on the' South Side of High Holborn and Broad S* Giles's ---- -I

Three Messuages on the South Side of High Holborn -

Two other Messuages on the South Side of High Holborn -

Two Messuages on the West Side of Little Queen Street -

Ten Messuages on the West Side of a Passage in High Holborn called New Turnstile Nine Messuages on the East Side of the same Passage -

Six Messuages on the West Side of Little Queen'

Street - -

Six Messuages on the South Side of* High

Holborn, and Two Messuages on the East

Side of Newton Street -Two Messuages on the West Side of S*. James's Street -

Three Messuages and other Buildings in Little" Cleveland Court and Catharine Wheel Yard One Messuage on the North Side of Cleveland ( Row, ne r S* James's Palace

One Messuage on the West Side of Saint James's" Stieet -

Five Messuages on the West Side of Saint James's" Street -

One Messuage on the West Side of Saint James's Street -

One Messuage on the West Side of St. James's Place -

Permission to hold a small Slip of Ground in-' closed from the Green Park adjoining to this Messuage -

The Capital Messuage called Warwick House, and the Offices thereto belonging, situate in Warwick Street ----- -J

Also Threfc Pieces of Ground, being the !

Garden held tlrerewith -J

Three Messuages on the West Side of S* James's Street -

Name* of Lessees.

John Stokes, Gent.

John Maire, Esqr and -Joseph Collins -

Elizabeth Chapman, and Herbert Homan -

Thomas Devon, and -John Cartwright -

-j

Robert Careless -Robert Careless -

James Hallifax, D. D.

Joseph Grainger -Joseph Grainger

Sir Martin Brown Folkes, Bari

Edmund Ru4h -James Chauvel, Esqr -Frances Pulteney, Spr -Sarah White, W°

Bracklev Kennett, EsqT

Sir Rob1 Clayton, Bar*, and*\ another (in Trust) - - j

Rob* E1 of Northington

The said Earl -

Lieu* General Henry Sey- ") mour Conway - - - j

D°....

Dame Eliz* Nelthorpe -

Dales of last Leases. Terras granted. Expiration. Yearly Value pe; latest Survey.

29 July, 1761 - 22| Yn from ioOctor 1788 5 April 1811 -

5 Feb1* 1770 35 Yr# from 5 April 1784 5 April 1819 - 90

21 Sepr 1765 - 33! Y" from 10 Octor 1781 5 April 1815 - 38

26 Novr 1757 - 25^ Yn from 10 Octor 1781 5 April 1807 - 25 — _

20 June 1755 - 28 Yrt from 5 April 1777 - 5 April 1805 - 60

27 April 1758 - 39 Yr* from 10 Octor 1768 10 Octobr 1807 50 — __

20 July 1764 38 Yr* from 5 April 1776 - 5 April 1814 - 38 _ _

15 Janfy 1774 - 20 Yri from 10 Octor 1802 10 Octor 1822 V

15 Janrx 1774 M separate Lease) J 20 Yr> from 10 OctoT 1802 10 Octor 1822 > 312

4 Jaufy 1777 - 32 Yn from 5 April 1794 - 5 April 1826 - 368 _ _

6 May 1763 27$ Yrt from 21 July 1785 2t Octr 1812 - 9o —

13 Aug* 1773 - 37 J Yrt from 21 July 1785 21 Janrr 1823 - H4 ~ _

t April 1756 40\ Yn from 25 Aug* 1765 25 Febfy 1806 - 35 ~ _

14 March 1775 - 22f Y" from 5 Ap1 1802 - 10 Octor 1824 *50 _

30 April 1767 - f For such Term as would \make up5oYrt from the Date 30 Ap1 1817 - ! 5° _

4 Sepr1779 24 Yn from 25 Febrf 1805 25 Febfy 1829 Ho _

16 Sepr 1785 31 Yrs from 17 Febrf 1804 17 Febfy 1835 260 _ __

of, 1* T" 21 s* Q-T3 ti 00 jr «f during His Majesty's PlcaO sure -J -

29 March 1766 - 23 Y* from 25 Octor 1792 25 Octor 1815 Ho _ _

by the same Lease 23 Yr> from 25 Octor 1773 25 Octor 1796 3o — . _

10 DecemT 1762 451 Yri from 25 Febry 1767 25 Aug* 1812 200

Fines paid for last Leases. Old Rents. Increased Rents and New Rents. Commencement and Continuance ot New Rents,

35 14 10 —

140 6 f 4-l 11 5 — till 5 April 1784. from that Time.

40 636

»5 3

40 7 7 6

115 — __ 4 10 —

7o — — 6 5 _ !

7o 5 —

60 _ 20

55o — 5 6 8 46 from 5 April 1794.

55 — _ *3 15 —

330 — 23 2 6 1

80 2 lo

©> 0 © 1 / I 1 5 *3 15 — 00 00 tn Ln 1 1 till 5 April 1802. from that Time.

loo 400 — 7 10 — 12 10 — . 17 10 — 32 IO — from 25 Feb17 1805. from i4Feurr 1805.

- - — 13 4 Trom the Date.

80 — __ 2

180 — _ f 2 — — 10 —

*>050 — t — 5 ~ 25 — —

35° 8° Februarii. J.

T,bU<«tK‘6Ua‘i' 8 0".U‘' of S- Jiinien'

)l

Dame Kliz^ ISel tfiorpc -

l>y the same Least* 10 I)cccmr 176a

<23 ' from *25 Octor 1773 I 25 L)ctor 17ijQ 45$ Vr* from 05 X?G7 / *s Au«' l8la / *00

1 3U 1 |8« 1 =

[ aoo J f 1,050 J 1 95

jo

5

CO

g

cg

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

.0

o

to

Two Pieces of Ground, one situate on the! East Side, and the other on the West Side of Dean Street, Soho, with divers Messuages f thereon - - - -J

*A large Piece of Ground near Hyde Park^ Corner, on the North Side of Piccadilly, and extending from thence to the Wall of Hvde Park, including the Street called Ha- \ mi I ton Street, with Thirty-five Messuages, and several Stables, Coach Houses, and other Buildings thereon -

Two Parcels of Ground, containing about Three? Acres, all now built on, and bounded by Hedge Lane on the East, the Haymarket on the West, and Cockspur Street on the South, including the Two Streets called Great and Little Suffolk Street, with all the Messuages and other Buildings thereon -

A Piece of Ground on the West Side of King"* Street, Golden Square -A Piece of Ground, formerly Part of the Field near the Pestbouse Field, lying between the Streets now called King Street and Swallow Street, containing Two Acres and a

Half.....- -

A Piece of Ground, with a Messuage, Riding House, and Stables thereon, on the West Side of King Street, and bounded by Swallow Street, Part of the Ground contained in the preceding Grant to Lewis Mad well -Several Parcels of Ground and Buildings, situated in and near Windmill Street, Brewer Street, I Knave's Acre, Pulteney Street, Prince's I Street, Wardour Street, St. James’s Street, \ Cleveland Row, and Park Lane* and a Par- cel of Meadow in Fulham* Town Mead, J granted, amongst other Things, to - — A One Messuage on the North Side of Cleveland'! Row, near the Palace of St. James's, and One [ Messuage on the East Side of a Court there, called Russell Court -

A Messuage and Ground on the West Side of St.\ James’s Place - -

Permission to hold a Slip of Ground inclosed from the Green Park adjoining to this Messuage -

Fifteen Messuages, situate together on the South Side of Piccadilly, and the North Side of Jermvn Street, and in a Court between those Two Streets, called Derby Court -

A Piece of Ground on the South Side of Clark’s Alley, in or near Bishopgate Street, in the City of London -

Thomas Pitt, Esqf

The IIoub,e George Hamilton

Edward Russell, Esqr -

Tho* Bishop of Lincoln Lewis Madwell, Gent.

Thomas Dure 11, Esq* -

Sir Thomas Clarges, Kn1, and Henry Guy, Esqr, [ (Trustees for the Family j of Sir W" Pulteney) -J

John Pulteney, Esqr

Owen Salusbury Brereton, E.'>qr, in Tiust

George Duke of S1 A1 ban's -

Sir Henry Ticbborne, Bar* -

William Corrock

5 May 1697

19 May 1757 -

28 June 1699 -

27 Jan1* 1692 -

17 March 1692 -

14 Feb* 1776 -

3 April, 6 Wml and Mary - J

13 March 1695

25 March 1782

by Sian Ma-1 nual, eluted 27 April 1781

99 Y" from Mich* 1734

i2j Yr,from 11 Decern' 1794

J

23 Aug* 1765

29 Novr 1765

99 Yn from Mich* 1720 -

99 Y" from 14 Feb* 1722 99 Yr* from 14 Feb* 1722

50 Yn (on Surrender)

99 Ynfrom 14 Feb* 1722

99 Y from 29 Feb* 1722

31 YM from 17 Feb. 1800 -during His Majesty's Pleasure

29^ Yr,from ioOctoT 1785

50 Yr$ from the Date

10 Octor 1833

11 June 1807

10 Octor 1819

25 Feb* 1822 25 Feb* 1822

14 Feb* 1826-

f 25 Feb* 1 \ 1822, N. S. J

12 March 1822

7 Feb* 1831

entered be- "j fore, vide I

330. J

1 foi 5 April 1815 -

29 Novr 1815 -

1,000 — 600 — —

2,400 M5

1,750 — — -

- -

- -

120 — 40

2,498 6 —

lOO 250 — _

IOO 90 - —

- -

3IO 290 - — ,

3 10 — -

— 13 4

— 10 —

1 —

— ’3 4

" *3 4

12 16 10

— 10 —

25-----

18-----

3 10 —

— 13 4

a

w

o

This Grant was valued at a Fine of £. 7,000, but passed without Fine, in Consideration of the very eminent w Service of the Grantee.

OO

c

r

1.

Lh>

Cn

O

o

?T

ESTATES.

Names of Lessees.

MIDDLESEX continued:

Another Piece of Ground on the North Side of the^ said Alley -

The Bell Inn, and Three other Messuages, situate4 cm Addle Hill, Puddle Dock Hill, ^nd in Wardrobe Court, Blackfryers -Nine Messuages, situate on Puddle Dock Hill/ and in Great Carter Lane, and Wardrobe > Court

Twelve Messuages, situate on Addle Hill, and in Great Carter Lane, and Wardrobe Court -Fifty-eight Messuages, situate on and near Great" and Little Tower Hill T

A Piece of Ground, Part of the Cotton Garden,1 near Old Palace Yard - - - - -/

A Piece of Ground at Hyde Park Comer, with| a Capital Messuage, and other Buildings thereupon erected

A small Angle or Corner of Ground in Hyde Park, adjoining to the last mentioned Premisses -

Permission to dig a Well at the End of the^ Garden belonging to the Gate Keeper’s Lodge at Hyde Park Corner, and to erect ft Building to contain one or more Engines, to be worked by Mens Hands, and to lay Pipes from such Building to the Serpentine River, and from thence, by Means of such Pipes, to take Water, for the sole Purpose of watering the Street of Piccadilly from Berkley Street to Hyde Park Corner -The Chains for mooring Ships in the River Thames, with all Fees, Duties, and Profits, thereto belonging -A Piece of Ground on the South Side of Soho Square, extending from thence to Queen Street, with a Capital Messuage thereon, and Five other Messuages on the East Side of Frith Street, adjoining thereto -A Piece of Ground in Hyde Park, near the Bason, in the Occupation of the Chelsea Water Works Company, with Liberty to build a Riding House thereon, and to take down Part of the Park Wall, and place a Coach and Horse Gate there -

John Miles * Thomas Lewis, Esqr

Harman Leece, Esq*

Leonard Morse, Esqr Geo. Robinson, Esqr

Edward Delaval, Esqr Henry Earl Bathurst

The said E1 Bathurst

\ The Inhabitants of Piccadilly

Sir Peter Burrell, Kn*

In* L* Vise* Bateman -

Dates of last Lease*.

2Q Nov' 1765 -

20 Feb1* 1782 -

20 Feb1* 1782 -

20 Feb1* 1782 -24 July 1764 -

4 Aug1 1768

3 May 1784

f by Sign Ma. *] I nual, dated } I 19 May 1775 J

by Sign Manual, dated J 8 Aug* 1776 J

Ills Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester -

A Piece of Ground, Part of the Verge or Free-'n

board of Hyde Path, situate on the Outside j [ Henry Read, E»of

of the said Park, and in Park Lane

-J

Vide Surrey.

16 May 1770

f By Sign Ma- "1: nual, dated |

[ 10 Mar. 1768 J

8 April 1786

Terms granted.

50 Yrt from the Date 50 Yn (on Surrender) *

50 Y" (on Surrender)

50 Y* (on Surrender)

41 Y^frora 21 Jan1* 1773

31 YMrora the Date 50 Yn from the Date

during I]is Majesty’s Pleasure

during I Iis Majesty's Pleasure

33 Y" from 10 Octor 1786

During Pleasure

50 Yr> from the Date

Expiration.

29 Novr 1815 -20 Feb1* 1832 -

20 Febr* 1832 -

20 Febrr 1832 -

21 Janr* 1814 -

4 Aug« 1799 3 May 1834

loOclo* 1819

8 April 1836 *

Yearly Value per latent Survey.

Fines paid for last Leases.

5 16 8

,30-----

130----

127-----

380-----

at 5 small Rents, amounting to -and an additional Rent of -

30----

30----

30 —

1,100 —

9-----

400 — —

1 3 4

at a Rent of

650----

15-----

3-----

80 — — 70----

1,000 — -T-

Old Rents.

fS-ff

Si E* — i3

I of a

2.3'

0

5 16 8 16 5 —

16 5 —

»5 17

1 10 —

47 6 3

5----

[34-----

3«----

I 4:----

Increased Rents and New Rents.

Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

to commence from 2v Jan* 1773, making together £.48. 16 s. 3J.

1 3 4

— 6 8

f 12 2 2

I 81 5 -

5-----

till 10 Goto* 178c). from that Time.

from the Date.

from the Date.

353 8° Februarii. J.

-..... "v am, near me Mason,

viy lV»c Orcii|muon «f ~t\ie CheUeu Wu|cr Works

i'on.pany, witH liberty to bviittl llovisc thereon, nmt to tuko dow v\*« l’nrk Watt, ani\ p\uce n Couch ^’oU' - _ _ _ _

A. fin.m ..r C.v«»«nd. f.rl of t\.e

"Lo V».*w 'LVu14:. *’» o*

Hiding ’

t 1*« 11 unci 1 Id

"r 1 \

>Dl»>«lo \ 1

His Royal lli^bness lire Duke of Olooccbtcr - — -

f Ry Sign Ma- "I lioal, dutett,

V. io Mur. 1768 J

o

o

o

00

FT

NOTTINGHAM:

A Messuage and Lands, in the Township of Barn by in the Willows, within the Manor bof

O Newark -

p Certain Lands lying in the South Fen in Balderton 4a A Messuage and certain Lands in the Manor of 5® Farndon -

All Mines and Pits of Coal, and Iron Stone, and all Quarries, within the Wastes of the Honor of Peverell, in this County and Derby

The Manor of Newark, and the Messuages and*! Lands thereto belonging - - - - J

Several Closes of Land, Part of the Demesnes 0: the Manor of Newark -

NORTHUMBERLAND:

All Mines of Lead and Coal within the Barony oFl Manor of Bywell and Bullbeck - - -J

A Moiety of the Tythes of Corn and Grain, in the*l Township of Swinnowe, and of other Heredita- V rjients there - - - -I

The Manor of Ambell, and divers Lands, Mines,\ &nd other Hereditaments, thereto belonging - t The old Castle of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Scite thereof, and the Houses and Buildings thereon erected - - - -J

Two Fulling Mills^in Newminster -The Island called Holy Island -All Pits and Mines of Coal in Bebside and Cow-

0

pen

x

A Parcel of Waste, Sandy, and derelict Land,! lying between the Continent of Northumberland I and Holy Island - - - - -J

NORFOLK:

The Manors of West Walton, Walsoken, Emneth, and Tilney, excepting the Demesnes -

Two Parcels of Marsh Land in West Walton and! Walsoken - ~ - - - - -J

Divers Parcels of Land in West Walton

The Scite of the Manor of West Walton, and alH Lands belonging thereto -

The Liberty of erecting, continuing, and maiii-\ taining Light Houses on the Ground called Hunston Cliffe, and Power to collect 8 d. for 1 every 20 Chaldron, of Coals, or 20 Ton of 1 other Goods, upon English Ships, and 1 d. per Ton upon all Foreign Ships or Vessels passing by the same .....>

Extra-parochial Ty.thes in Bedford Level, and other Levels, in this and other Counties -

Henry Snart, and Mary his Wife 8 Octor 1770

Rob* Wilson Cracroft, Esqr - 3 Aug* 1781 .

Adam Toder - - - 16 Sept* 175

Sir Tho* Willoughby, Bar* - 1704 -

Henry , Duke of Newcastle - 13 July 1770 -

Tho* Heron, Esqr 10 Octo* 1772 .

Anne Douglas, Spin* - 27 Feb*y 1746 -

William Jeffreys - 1742 -

Henry Earl of Litchfield, and*l John Lord Bellew - -J 25 Aug* 1768 -

Henry Lord Ravensworth , - 19 Nov* 1777 -

William Orde, Esqr Robert Fall, Esqr 6 Aug* 1767 -26 Aug* 1784 -

Robert Douglass, Esqr - i4Jan*ri736 -

Thomas Paulden, Esqr - 1681 -

William Folkes, Esq* - 28 June 1766 -

Elizabeth Hudson, WT* - 10 Nov* 1777 -

Martha Turk, Spin* 28 Nov* 1775 _

William Rugge, and Wife - 13 Septem* 1766

Rebecca Everard 31 Octo* 1751 .

Earl of Lincoln - Vide Cambridge.

during l’lcubure

si 5 — I now Ijjut 1 nnc.

from tli«

,.mm I If* x >

«4f Y" from 24 Aug1 1774

19^ Y" from 17 Octor 1792 31 Years from the Date -

f99 Y", determinable on Three Lives

For such Term as would") make up 31 Years from> the Date - - -J

i4fY*» from 10 Octo* 1788

31 Years from the Date -31 Y* from the Date 23- Yr* from 14 Nov* 1775

40J Yw from 13 July 1786

24I Yw from 10 Octo* 1773 23$ Ym from 5 April 1791

31 YM from the Date 99 Y from Lady Day 1681

31 Years from the Date -

22 Years from 6 Sept* 1785 31 Years from the Date -20J Y* from 6 Ap1 1776 -

50 Y*> from the Date

24 Feb*7 1799

17 April 1812 16 Sep* 1816 -

13 July 1801 -5 April 1803

10 March 1778^ -----1773

14 May 1799

13 Janr 1827

5 April 1798

10 Octo* 1814

25 Jan*r 1768

5 April 1780

28 June 1797-

6 Sep* 1807 -28 Nov* 1806 i| Octo* 1796

11 Nov* 1801

25-----

34 4 13 2 2

482 11 2i

28-----

Uncertain -10 10 6 356 7 10

350 13 6

130 — —

Uncertain -

Uncertain -Abor40 — —

74-----

20-----

120 15 6

5» 15 —

130----

130----

65----

100----

200----

55 — —

2 10 — — 10 9

2 10 —

f 38

I 66

2,500----

600 — —

680----

4x 4 4

40-----

3 5 —

and -i^ of the Profits.

3 -

4 5 3 1 12 9

40----

400----

200 — — 600 — —

100----

10 3 —

f 33 6 ♦

and a Moiety of the Perqui-I sites of Courts.

3 1° 2

16 9 —

/ 100 Chaldrons of good Newcastle Coal, for the IJ« \ of Chelsea Hospital.

{from the Date of the Lease.

from 17 Oct* 1792.

from the Date*

1 6 8

16 5 —

from 5 April 1791*

r 6 8 *1 1

{and T*. of the Profits.) Sranted " Fee.

11

6 12 — 6 8

12 10 —

from 6 Sep* 1785.

Us)

04

27 Geo. III. . 8°

D

eg*

n'

CD

Q_

Cr

CD

o

ESTATES.

NORFOLK continued:

All Fines, Amerciaments, Perquisites, and Profits of Ccurts, within the Honor of Clare, in the Counties of Norfolk, Huntingdon, and Cambridge -

Divers Parcels of Saltmarsh, in Thoraham, Titch-well, Holme, Wolverton, and other Places in this County, escheated.....

*N. B. In a Note at the Foot of the Entry of this , Lease it is said, that Bentley never got Possession of these Lands, the Country who had Possession of them being too hard for him at Law. The Manors of Wymondham and East Dereham,1 and all Rents, Lands, and Hereditaments, thereto } belonging - - - - J

The Manor of Stockton Socon, with the Appor- te nances ---- -f

The Castle Hill and Ditch, with the Castle of] Norwich, and Shire House, and all other Build- > ings thereon, except the Gaoler’s House - -J

NORTHAMPTONSHIRE:

The Office of Master Forester of Cliffe Bayli-wick, within the Forest of Rockinghum, and of all Woods within the same, with certain Wages and Fees particularly mentioned in the Grant -

The Herbage and Deerbrowze within certain Woods, Underwoods, Lawns, and Coppices, within the Hay or Walk, called Sulehay Farms, and Short wood, and the Hay or Walk of Moor-hay, within the Bayliwick of Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham -

A Mill called Ivy Mill, at Bough ton, with divers*! Tenements, Lands, and Rents there - -J

The Manor of King’s Cliffe, with the Lands'!

thereto belonging -J

The Issues and Profits accruing to the Crown out] of the Lawn of Benefield, within the Forest of I Rockingham - - - -J

A Water Mill called Harpoole Mill, near Harpoole The Hundred of Fawlersley, and Office of Steward!

and Bayliffe of the said Hundred - - -J

The Manor of Bridgstock, al* Brixstock, with thel . Lands and Appurtenances thereto belonging -J The Scite of S* Dewys, al* Davids, al*S* Trinity’s 1 Hospital, situate in Kingsthorpe, with divers > Lands and Tenements thereto belonging - -J

Names of Lessees*

John Fowle, Esqr Edmund Bentiey, Esqr

Charles Gould, Esqr -

Sir Harb4 Il&rbord, B*

Geo. Earl of Orford, and others, in Tr. for the County.

John Earl of Westmorland -

The said E1 of Westmorland <

Tho* E1 of Strafford

Brownlow E1 of Exeter

Henry Iloare, Esqr

Edward Wigley -Lucy Knightley, Esqr -

Dates of last Leases.

Elixh Mountague, Widw (in Trust) -

Sir John Robinson, Bar*

7 August 1771 - - - - 1710

1 a May 1775 -

26 Novemf 1778 8 April 1773 -

4 June 1776 -

23 March 1782

----1723-

14 July 1781 -

14 April 1720 -

----735 -

5 Feb*/ 1771 .

9 Octor 1778 -4 July 1765 .

Terms granted.

31 Yr# from the Date

31 Yn from Uie Data

9 Y,f from 5 March 1797

17$ Yn from 5 Mar. 1791 31 Yn from the Date

"For the Lives of the said"! Earl, the Honb* Tho* I Fane, and the Honw* f „ Henry Fane - -J

For the same Three Lives -

For the Lives of the said" Earl, Wm Lord Wentworth his Son, and Lady Aune Wentworth his Daughter

i6f Y* from 11 Octor 1795

31 Y" from the Date

50 Y* from the Date

29f Y* from 14 May 1771

29 Y*1 from 19 July 1779 .

29 Y from 10 Jan. 1767 -

Eapiration.

Yearly Value per latest Survey.

7 Aug* 1802

- - 1741

f(rather ho-1

norarythanV profitable) J

5 March 1806 411 16 8J

252 — *

5 Sep* 1808 -8 April 1804

6 April 1812

25 April 1751

-----1785

14 Nov* 1800

19 July 1808 -10 Jan* 1795

71 5

S----

7 5 3

53 >4 —

91 14

3 »9 —

20-----

(merely

honorary)

184 14 — 80 — —

Fines paid for Use Leases,

Old Rents.

increa»ed Rents Commencement and and New Rents. ' Continuance of New Rents.

sev1 Rents, in all

76----

240----

it 5 4i

84----

f 5"~

and

2 IO —

10 6 5

30----

9 3

3 4

[from the Date of the Leaae. [To the Mayor of Thet-ford, for Six poor indigent Persons there.

from 5 March 1791*

*4 1 6i

54-----

75-----

1,100----

600 — —

* 5

5 ta —

40----

2d 2 —

3 19 —

1 6 8

8 15 -

06 13 4 — 10 — 7 8 " .26-

l 0----

OO

OO

k, uv* lUixslock, with the Lunds und AppurtenanceH vlitreio belon^ing TV»e Scvte oi S* l)ewy«, at* David’n, at* sl Truuty' tloavnuvt, Ku»t*tt»oryi®, «&tv<

V.ttU<U MiMi latiuuiauVa tlieiclo WVunn\i>H

D\

4

Mountague, W ulw (,iu Trust) -

Sir John Robinson, liar*

9 Octor 177® 4 J uty m 7O5

- a - «^*u 14. tuuy 1771

29 Yn from 19 July 1779 -

ao Y from *0 Juu. 1747 _

14 Nov* 1800 19 July 1808 -»o Jr a 7Ua

({merely honorary) J

,84 «4 -

Sc* ___ __

1,100

600

u

[ I

*5

5 >3 a o 0 <5

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q-

cr

a

o

r

S©

The Office of Master Forester and Keeper ofl Farming Woods, and divers other Offices in} the Forest of Rockingham - - - -J

Three Mills called Abingdon Mills, and several") Parcels of Land in Abingdon and Houghton -A Messuage and several Parcels of Land in the Parish of East Haddon - -

A Messuage and Cottage, and divers Lands, in the Parish of West Haddon -

OXFORDSHIRE:

A Tenement called The Cornish Chaugh, situate"! in Pennyfarthing Street, in the Parish of S* > Ebb, in the City of Oxford -J

Several Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and"! Woodlands, within the Forest of Which wood - J

The Office of Bayliffe and Collector of the Rents"! of the Honors, Manors, and Lordships of Wal- > lingford and Ewelrae, in this County and Berks J Certain Coppices and Lands in the Forest ofl

Shotover and S to wood, with the Lodge called I Stowood Lodge there - - - - -J

PEMBROKE:

Divers Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Ac*, in this!

County and 'Cardigan - - - j

The Issues and Profits of Original Seal and Postl Fines, in this and other Counties - - -j

A Water Com Mill, and a Fulling Mill, in Milton The Rock called The Smalls, situate in Sc Georges's Channel, off Milford Haven, with Power to erect a Lighthouse thereon, and to collect One Halfpenny per Ton for British, and One Penny per Ton for Foreign Vessels, passing by the same

RADNORSHIRE:

Certain Woods and Woodlands, called Harleigh"! Woods and North Woods; and also the Forest > of Ackwood and Cumbergwynne - - -J

All Mines and Minerals within the Lordship oi Cantermelenith -

0

And all Heriots within the Manors of Glandes-s tree, Presthend, Risuli, Knocklass, Comotoy-der, Isckoyd, Southru&lt, Uchoid, Royader, I Knighton, Southagree, and Southnethian, Parcel,) of the Lordship of Mellenith, with divers Par- I eels of Land and other Hereditaments, in these I and other Places in this County - - - J

John E1 oi Upper Ossory

In° Harvey Thursby, Esqr Thomas Smith, Genu -The said Tlio* Smith

William Bradley - -Geo. Duke of Marlborough -

Sarah Hucks, Wid*

she RevJ Sir Richd Cope and others, in Trust for the Bishop of Oxford, for the Time being

John Adams, Esqr

Rob1 Snow -

John Phelps- . - .

John Phillips, Esqr

Edwd Earl of Oxford

The Honbl* and Revd Dr John"! Harleigh- - - -j

t77i

1

24 Aug1 1770

27 March 1766

27 March 1766 (a separate Lease)

23 Deceiu* 1749 50 Yn from the Date

10 Decemr 1762

6 Decemr 1753

D° -

11 August 1779

fVide Gardigan-\ shire -

Vide Brecon -

23 July 1776 -

5 Aug* 1774

20 March 1779

28 Jan* 1785

f ByThe same"! \ Lease - J

99 YM, if Granville Leveson Earl Gower, Richd Fitzpatrick, Esqr, and the Grantee shall so loug live.

50 Yri from the Date

lof Y" from 3 Decern* 1785

\ 10 Yr* from 1 Mar. 1786 -

For the Life of Lord Rob* Spencer, in Reversion of the Lives of the said Duke, and of Lord Charles Spencer -31 Yn from the Date

26 Yr# from ai June 1784

31 Yn from the Date

50 Yn from the Date

31 Y" from that Date

31 Yn from 5 Ap11784 -

D° -

24 Aug* 1820 -3 June 1796 1 March 1796

3 Janrr 1800

6 Dec 11784 21 Jane 1810

23 July 1*807 5 Aug* 1824

20 March 1810 5 April 1815

D°

30

17

27

10 —

13 6

3 10 —

256 14 6

200 -- —;

116 8

45----

36----

80

20

35

250----

[400----

and

L136----

210----

368 1 13 4 v 13 4

8 — — 40 — —

4-----

'To account before the Au ditor for the Profits.

50 — 50 —

rom the Date of the Lease.

o

to

o

11 6 8

5 —

00

o

r

8-----

for the mesne Profits of the Premises, since the Expiration of a former Lease.

— 10 — and -,yh of the Profits.

15 6 5

— 10 — and Vb of the Ores, Ac*.

oa

On

C/l

j?*??

Ig>3

g 5-2 ~

1* 5 ->

1

g

(Q

f+

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

ESTATES.

RADNORSHIRE continued:

A Close of Land in Glandestry, One other Closel near Radnor Park, with the Scite of the Castle ( of New Radnor, and certain Lands thereto j belonging ----- -J

And also the Soil and Ground of all Waste ( Lands, Commons, and Common Pastures, in or belonging to the several Manors, Parishest Townships, and Places, Parcel of, or dependant on, the Lordship of Cantermellenith; and all Cottuges, Gardens, and Inclosures, encroached upon or inclosed from the same

Names of Lesaers.

SUSSEX:

Certain I^ands and Tenements, called Northey, in the Parishes of Bexhill, Hoo, and Bernard ---- - -J

Certain Messuages, Rents, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, called Old Bury, and Seabeach, and other Lands - - -J

A Messuage called Coltstaple Lodge, in the Parish! of Horsham, with the Lands belonging thereto, and to C'besworth Lodge, long since demolished J A Piece of Ground, with a Messuage and other^ Buildings thereon, situate in the Lower Street, in the Town of Rye -

Several Parcels of derelict Lands, in the Parishes! of Sidlesbam, Pagham, and Selsey - - J

SUFFOLK:

A Farm cal^pd The Scite of the Manor of S1! Edmund’s, and another Farm called Th* Chauntry Farm, lying in Brundish -The Warjen of Coneys, belonging to the late Abbey or Monastery of Leiston, except all Royalties thereto belonging - - - .1

All Royalties belonging to the said Warren!

called Leiston Warren - - - - -J

The Park or Lands called Shimpling Park -

The Hundred of Wainford, alias Wangford -

SHROPSHIRE:

The Moiety of Five Mills, in or near the Town! of Ludlow, the other Moiety whereof belongs to the Corporation of Ludlow -Certain Tythes in the Parishes of Willcot and Nescliffe - - - .

All Royal Mines of Gold and Silver to be found in this County and Staffordshire ... The Castle of Ludlow, and the Scite thereof,' and all the Ground thereto belonging, and Buildings thereupon - - - J1

Richard Austin, Esqr -

D° -

Thomas Duke of Leeds D° -

Sir Cha* Eversfield, B1

Charles Lamb, Gent. -Sir James Peachey, B*-

James Wyard Gooch, Gr

The Rev* Dr Montagu ! North, and others (in } Trust) - - - J

Charles Long, Esqr

William Russell -

John Farr -

The said Corporation -

Thomas Jefferys -James Duke of Chandos

Henry Arthur Earl of Powis

Dates of last Leases. Terms granted. Expiratioa.

2 Novemr 1758 31 Y" from the Date 2 Novr 1789

By the same Lease. D° ..... D*

13 July 1776 f 31 YM from the Date 1 (on Surrender) j 13 July 1807 -

By the same Lease. D° D°

7 Janrr 1778 - f 31 Yr* from the Date ! \ (on Surrender) J 7 Janfy 1809

11 June 1784 46J Yr# from 1 Mar. 1787 1 Septr 1833

21 May 1773 - 31 Yn from the Date 2i May 1804 -

7 April 1777 2if Yn from i7Febfy 1786 17 Aug* 1807

7 Decern* 1778 26 Yn from 30 Janrr 1782 30 Jan*r 1808

30 June 1779 22 March 1776 26 Y" from 30 Jan*? 1782 -17J Y^frora loOcto* 1788 30 Janrr 1808 5 April 1806 r

1722 31 Yn from the Date 1753 A

2 April 1750 - 50 Yn from the Date - 13 April

12 April 1781 21 Yr# from 7 March 1790 7 March

29 Novemr 1734 31 Y" from the Date 10 Decernr 1765

30 June 1772 31 Y" from the Date 30 June 1803

Yearly V-lue per latest Survey

Fine# paid for last Leases.

Very small

Uncertain -

26 2 — 20 ft 4

80----

26----

165-----

too----

130 — -L (of small Value above the Rent)

(the Rent the full Value

10 10 - —

*8 2

Old Rents.

Increased Rents and New Rents.

1 —

— I

— 12

3- of the Profits.

lv,: - 9 2 1

(No Fine

[Vide Bedfordsh.

J 7 2 5

f i° !

350 { 10 10 — j

1 1 1 O 00 1 2

700 56 10 8

660 20

- — 10 —

470 - - 6 13 4

I r ' 5

} 6 13 4

1 1 1 a 2 10 —

28 2 —

26 13 4

3 5 —

Commencement and Continuance of New Rents. w"t

--------- 0\

from the Date, from 1 March 1787.

00

o

for each County.

fTbis Rent to be paid to the Governor of Ludlow Castle, during his Continuance jo that Office.

1

00

Certuin 'I'ythe* in the Vunstiee of NVillcot uiutM 'V»n»i N cachtTc - - - J I n, M

A.\\ Unyu\ Min«« of Clotcl ami Silver to be fovnuHl , i*» Vtiio Cutinty untl HvutVorilhlm a - - - I \

vi.« fuitiXf «.* u»<l i\>e Stile ll<«re«if.'\ \

"T ..... " \ I.

homas Jeffery* -

Duke of Chniuloe

ia April 1781 >9 Nov«n»r 1734

13 April 7 March

10 Decern 9 765

I me Item the I I

full V'ttlue 10 *0 ---- I 3°

*-- --- I »«»r e«rli Counly.

u ______ If’rt.im Krill «., I.e J«« *« (l*» CJo ve r -

o

o

o

oo.

FT

SOMERSETSHIRE

Divers Messuages or Burgage Tenements in the

O Town of Taunton -

P

STAFFORDSHIRE:

All Royal Mines of Gold and Silver in this County,! and Shropshire - - - -J

SOUTHAMPTON:

New Park, in the New Forest -

Certain Lands called The East Part of Buckholt Wood, otherwise The East Walk of Buckholt -

A Fee Farm Rent of £.31. 2$. lid. out of the' Manors of East and West Wordleham; and also the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper of the Forest or Clmse of Aliceholt and Woolmer, with all Offices, Fees’, Commodities, and Privileges] thereto belonging - - - - . - -J

Divers Messuages and Parcels of Land, in or near! Portsmouth, purchased for fortifying the Townl and Harbour of Portsmouth -J

A Farm called Cox Leasowes, and another Farm! „ . „ .

called Pondhead, both in the Parish of Lindhurst/ Pamtla Debe11’ W

Ale.\r Pophara, Esqr »

James Duke of Chandos

John Duke of Bedford Rob1 Thistlethwayte, Esqr

Wm Earl of Dartmouth and! othrs, in Trust -J

Thomas Bowerbank

Dhrers Parcels of Land at and near Gosport, purchased for the Use of the Fortifications

The Office of Bayliffe of Burleigh, in the New") Forest, with the Annual Fee of £.$. 25. 6d. I and all other Fees, Profits, and Advantages, thereto belonging - - - - -J

A Parcel of Ground, formerly overflown by the Sea,!

called Gatecombe Haven, in the Isle of Portsea -j* A Messuage and Lands in the Parish of Bagburst*

(escheated)....

A Parcel of Land in the Forest of Parkhurst, in* the Isle of Wight, for the Purpose of building a House of Industry -

SURREY:

A Messuage and Lands called Saves, and other Lands called Brocks, in the Parish of Chertsey -The Manor of Egham, with the Scite of the Manor, and the Demesne Lands thereto belonging -

The Manor of East Moulsey, with divers Lands, Tenements, Ferries, Fisheries, and other Hereditaments, thereto belonging -A Parcel of Land called Potter’s Park, near Queen’s Wood, in Windsor Forest -

A Messuage and Lands, near Weybridge

1

John Eames, Esqr

James Earl of Lonsdale

John Campbell, EsqT Samuel Buttler -

Guardians of the Poor in the Isle of Wight -

James Paine, EsqT William Blaithwaite, Esqr

Tho* Sutton, Esqr

Mary Jenner, Spinr Nich* Elcock, EsqT

28 Novemr 1769 36 Yn from Mar. 1783 - 4 March 1819 abot 50 — — 11 15 — 14 2 —

Vide Shropshire, - m m m - m 1 for etch County

ffor such Term as would!

14 Jan^ 1771 - < make up the Term ini I being 31 Years - -J 14 Janry 1802 - 85 450 15

1 May 1779 18 Y" from 3 Feb^ 1792 - ffor such Term as would! \ fill up the subsisting I 3 Febr7 1810 - 115 5 — 300 40 10 —

23 March 1780 - 23 March 1811

[ Term to 31 Years -J

ffor such Term as would’)

25 July 1761 1 fill up the subsisting [ j Terms to 31 Years (re-[ 25 July 1792 - 227 10 — m 1 80

I sumeable at Pleasure) - J {in

28 Feb1? 1760 - 31 Yn (on Surrender) 28 Febrx 1791 7° l5 — 60

By Sign Manu-! al, dated 11 I Jaur7 1776 -J During His Majesty's Plea-! sure -J m 20 20

10 June 1785 - 30 Yn from 29 March 1786 29 March 1816 No Fine paid 1 or Rent reservei d, being a Gran t of an Office.

28 Feb^ 1776 - 21} Yn from 27 Septr 1803 27 March 1825 110 65 5

21 Decemr 1771 31 Yr* from Mich* 1770 - 29 Sepr 1801 - 19 - 00 <0

2t March 1772 999 Yn from the Date - 21 March 2771 26 13 4 - 8 17 gl

21 Deer 1784 - 27 Yr" from 5 April 1786 f99 Yn from the Death ofj 5 April 1813 - 110 6 — 930 CO <0 e« 13 *5 —

23 Feb1? 1693 - < Cathe Qu. Dowr (31 I [ Dec. 1705 - . J 31 Decemri8o4 621 14 3 57* 1 nj 368

9 Novr 1779 12 Yn from 1 June 1798 - 1 June 1810 231 14 i£ 450 f 15 3 4

7 Jan^ 1766 25y Y" from 10 Octor 1770 5 April 1796 - 14 10 — 80 1 16 —

8 April 1785 23 Yn from 10 Octor 1791 ioOctor 1814- 62 19 — 302 2 n 5 7 17 4i

from 5 April 1786.

o

M

o

00

o

1

OJ

from 10 Octof 1791.

g’S.S-

3 r -S

| § S’!

a?

0

(D

ESTATES,

Names of Leasees.

Dates of last Leases.

Terms granted.

Expiration.

SURREY continued:

A Capital Messuage called Brooklands, with Of-"| fices, Gardens, and several Parcels of Land, > situate at Weybridge - - -J

Also, a Farm House and divers Lands, called"! Brook!ands Farm, at Weybridge afore- > said ---- -J

The Manor of By fleet and Weybridge, with By-'] fleet or Weybridge Park, and a Capital Mes- suage and Offices, Two other Messuages, Two/ Iron Mills, and other Buildings there - -J

Two Coney Warrens within the Manor of Byfleetl and Weybridge

N. B. The preceding Lease comprized the Manor of Byfleet and Weybridge, with the Mills, &c. which were renewed in 1773 (as above) to the Duke of Newcastle; but the Warrens were not included in that new Lease.

A Parcel of Ground and Buildings called The Pike"] Garden, in Southwark - - - - -J

Divers Parcels of Land in Walton

The Custody of Bagshot Park -

A Messuage called porney House, near Oatlands," and divers Lands held therewith -The Manor or reputed Manor of Weston, otherwise* Barking - -

Several Tenements and Parcels of Land, within! the Manor of Egham - - - J

A Messuage called Painshill, in Walton upon"! Thames, and several Parcels of Land thereto I belonging ---- -J

A Messuage and divers Lands in Weybridge,' Walton, and Chertsey, commonly called Out-lands Farm -

A Messuage and Lands called Winterhouse Farm, in the Parish of Esher -A Parcel of Ground in the Parish of Petersham, late Part of Richmond New Park -A Parcel of Ground in the Parish of Petersham,' now or late Part of Richmond New Park, and . adjoining to the Parcel lust mentioned - -J

Geo. Earl of Tyrconnell, and! John Johnson, Esquire - J

D° .

Henry Duke of Newcastle

Henry Earl of Lincoln

3 May 1785 by the same Lease.

30 Octor 1773 -21 Novemr 1754

Rich* Evans (in Trust) Benjft Tickner

8 June 178a 27 May 1737

Granted by Queen Anne to Charles Earl of Arran, for Three Lives^ This Park was late in the Possession of Lord Keppell, but for what Term, or on what Conditions, does not appear to the Surveyor General, the last Grant not having passed thro' his Office

The HonbIe Tho# Murray George Lord Onslow -

John Anstie, Esqv

Charles Hamilton, Esqf

Henry Earl of Lincoln

Tho* and Geo. Burchett, Gentn Cha* Earl of Harrington

Caroline Coun* of Dalkeith -

23 Sepr 1763 -

4 March 1784 -

— 1672 -

30 Decemf 1760

21 Decemr 1754

9 Decemr 1782 -18 Novi 1780 -

i3Janr3ri767 -

15 Y" from 5 July 1819 -

15 Y" from 5 July 1800 -

13i Y" from 5 Janrf 1810

25 Ywfrom 5 Jan^ 1759 -

5 July 1834 5 July 18 *5

5 July 1823 5 Jannr 1784.

50 Yrt from the Date 28 Ya from 12 Mar. 1760

8 June 1832 12 Mar. 1788

43 Yn from 6 April 1770 -31 YM from 16 May 1783

13 Yn from Mich* 1689 -

2iJY from 24 July 1769

14 Yf* from 11 May 1770 17 J Y" from 16 Novr 1795

1Y" from 2 Octor 1794

For such Term as would"! fill up a former Term to J

31Y" - - -J

6 April 1813 16 May 1814

Mich* 1702

24 April 1791

11 May 1784

16 May 1813 2 April 1811

13 Jan^ 1798

5? 5^ jr*

«r?i

f ‘ir

Yearfjr VsIimj per late* Survey.

77 »7 6

>34 f 6

571 in 10 3-----

'Ftnm paid last Leases.

380----

40-----

16 3 4

ayo----

48----

5 *9

300----

1,500-----

OldTUdts.

5 8 6 9 «i 6

»5 3 8

Increased Rent* and New Rents.

9 14 8

16 10 a

f I8

50

OS

Cenrneaoement and fy*

Continuance of New Refits.

------------- OO

from 5 July 1819. from 5 July 1800.

till 5 Jan^ 1810. from that Time.

This Sum is the Fine paid for all the Premisses demised by this Lease,

400

110

160----

*7 3 3 50 — *7 4

50 200 6 16 4

150 — — 400 »4 3 3i

50 160 3 *3 4

7 10 — 22 2 10 —

20 40 6 — —

5-----

— 13 4

6 9 10 2 13 4

Note, This is supposed to have been possessed by Mr. Blaithwaite, and his Representatives, by virtue of the above-mentioned Grant of the Manor of Eghara. Vide so. 357.

6 5 -

from lfi Nov* 1795.

OO

8° Februarii.

o

o

o

7T

k>r.

\ K ,-w 1‘urk, unci V CuroUnuCoun" *»f L>ti\Wc>tli

'I

« 3 J ui>’r 7fl7

It „. v>-

would \

_... t 1

O

to

to

The Manor of Walton I.eigh, and divers Mes-!

suages and Lands therein -J

The Manor of Richmond, and also the Office of! Steward and Keeper of the Courts of the said I Manor, excepting the Scite of the Old Palace V of Richmond and Richmond Park, and all / Demesne Lands, and other Lands and Tene- I roents in Lease - - - -J

A Capital Messuage, with Offices and Garden, Part of the Scite of the Old Palace of Richmond

A Capital Messuage, with Offices and Gardens, Part of the Scite of the said Old Palace

A Capital Messuage, with Offices and Garden,! Part of the Scite of the said Old Palace - -J

Also, a Piece of Ground, with the Buildings! thereon, at the South East End of the said > Capital Messuage - - - - J

Also, a Messuage and other Buildings, Part of the Scite of the said Old Palace

A Messuage and Garden, with Coach House and! Stables, Part of the Scite of the said Old Palace J

Another Messuage and Garden, with Coach House! and Stables, Part of the same -J

Four Messuages fronting Richmond Green, Part of the Scite of the said Old Palace, and One Messuage built upon the Waste of the said Manor

A Parcel of Ground, with Coach Houses, Stables,! and other Buildings thereon, Part of the Scite > of the said Old Palace -J

Two Messuages erected on Part of the Scite of the! said Old Palace, where a Building called The V> Gallery formerly stood - - - - -J

9

Two Messuages fronting Richmond Green, Part!

of the Scite of the said Old Palace -J

A Piece of Ground, with some Buildings thereon, situate in Friar’s Lane, near Richmond Green, Part of the Ground formerly called The Friars -

A Piece of Ground, Part of what was called The Friars, at Richmond, with several Tenements, a Malt House, and other Buildings thereon A Messuage called The Bakehouse, at Richmond/ with other Buildings, and divers Parcels of Land there -

A Parcel of Ground, Part of the Scite of the late1 Monastery of Sheen, otherwise West Sheen, otherwise Richmond, with Two Messuages and other Buildings thereon, and ako several Parcels of Ground held therewith

Rev4 Rich4 Palmer, and Tho-! mas Hurst, Gent, - -J

The Queen’s most Excellent! Majesty - - - -J

Sir Chai Asgill, Bar* -

Sarah Way, Widow, and Benjn' Way, Esqr -

Wm Duke of Queensberry The same -

The same - -

W* Robertson, Surg" -

Mathew Skinner, Esqr -

William Walmsley, Esqr

John Honour -

Marg* Lance, Widw Tho* Monklaud, Gent® -

Wm Gardiner, Esqr

In° & Henry Andrews, G® -Dame Henrietta Decker

John Jeffreys, Eeqr

7 August 1780 -4 0ctor 1770 -

24 Jan1? 1785 -

10 March 1781 -

25 Feb^ 1783 -

by the same Lease

by the same Lease 28 Jan*7 1785 -

8 April 1785 -

19 June 1757 16 July 1757

9 Janr7 1756 -

21 July 1781

18 June 1752 -

20 Febnr 1784 -7 Novemr 1751

2 July 1.750

i6f Y" from 23 Mar, 1794 for Her Majesty’s Life

22 Yn from 26 Octor 1812

23J Y" from 30 Mar. 1806

ffor a Term to make up L 50 Yri from the Date -

for 50 Y" from the Date -

to make up the like Term -27 Yn from 6 April 1807 -vj\ Yn from 6 Ap1 1807 -

50 Yn on Surrender

50 Yn on Surrender -

49 Y" from 21 Decemr 1756 23 Yn from 26 Novr 1807 -

41J Yn from 26 July 1759

29 Yrt from 6 Mar. 1804 -19 J Y*» from Mar. 1780 -

50 Yn on Surrender.

,3 '7«8 "j 1 ,:rz 1 10 — j

23 Sep* 1810 - J73 8 9<5o f 9+ 5 *j I >4 4

90

26 Octor 1834 -30 Sep* 1829 - IOO — 140 00 Vx 0 GO 1 1 1 1 f ao <J JO 1 - »o — / >5 \ 9 6 8

25 Febrr 1833 - 150 ] r 16 10 —

D° - 5 /200

D* - 30 1 L —

6 April 1834 - 40 40 9 5 —

11 Octor 1834 - 55 66 9 5 —

19 June 1807 - 76 50 r 6 10 — I 2

16 July 1807 - 40 15 {

21 DecemTi8o5 50 330 10

26Novri830 - 40 29 15

6 Feb* 1801 - 12 30 2

6 March 1833 - 269 — — 280 4 —

>5 Sep* 1799 - 50 - 31 15 —

13 July 1800 - 80 80 00 <0 <n

38 4 6

1 13 4

from 23 March 1794.

from the Dater-

27 5 —

from 6 Mar. 1864V

o

O

w

o

00

Q

1

ut

NO

»a,sw

13

9 §! *

a.?

B-

B

ESTATES.

Names of lessees.

D

(Q

n"

CD

Q_

cr

n

0

SURREY continued:

A Mansion House on or near the Scite of the said late Monastery, with several Meadows near thereto -

The Scite of the Old Kings Bench Prison in Southwark, on which Five Messuages and other J Buildings are erected - - - - -J

The Rent of io*. issuing out of the'

Scite of the Old King's Bench Prison in South wark -

Also, the Rent of £. $. 6s. 8 d. issuing

out of the Scite of the late Monastery of Sheen ---- -J

The Manors of Chertsey and Hardwick, with the'l Scite of the said Manors, and the Demesne Lands thereto belonging - -J

The Chains for Mooring Ships in the River Thames, below London Bridge, between a Place called Bugby's Hole and the said Bridge, with all Fees, Duties, and Profits thereto belonging ....

WARWICKSHIRE:

The Manor of Hampton in Arden, with divers'] Messuages and Lands therein A Farm called the Scite of the Manor of Hampton") in Arden -

A Farm called Teddington Farm, in Teddingtonl and Alston -

The Manor or reputed Manor of Rowington

WILTSHIRE:

A Messuage called The Great Lodge, in the Forest"] of Braydon, and certain Lands called Checker Woods -

A Messuage called Slyfield ‘Lodge, and certain! Lands thereto belonging -J

A Messuage and divers Lands in Braydon Forest,! Part of an Estate called Checker Cockstalls and > Turn trow Meer - - - - -J

Other Lands in the said Forest, called East Ravenhurst, and Burslad, otherwise Burs land -

Several Farms in the said Forest of Braydon

A Tenement situate in the Butcher Row, in New! Sarum ---- -J

Charles Buckworth, Esqr Edward Layton -Thomas Duke of Leeds D* -

Fran* Duke of Bridgewater,! and others - - -J

Sir Peter Burrell, Kn* -

Sir Henry Gough, B* John Blake, Gent.

D' W» Wall ;in Trust) Tho* Lord Archer

J

Cath* Nott, Widow Cha* Ilippisley Coxe, Esqr John Pitt -

-I

D* -

r Robert Lawrence, and Yer-! row Arrowsmith, Esq" J

Thomas Clarke -

Dates of last Leases.

2 July 1760 -j 8 April 1786 -

13 July 1776 by the same Lease

1 May 1779 -

26 March 1782 -

30 June 1784 28 Janf7 1785 24 March 1777 -260ctor 1763 -

8 April 1785 -16 Sepr1785 26 April 1771 -

by the same Lease

13 June 1771 21 July 1738

Terras granted. Expiration. Yearly Value K*r latest Survey. Fines paid for last Leases. Old Renu. icreased Rents id New Rents. Cc

For such Term as would fill

up the Term in being to 31 Y"- - - - > 2 July 1791 - 154 200 51 6 8

l3» Y" from 16 Jan1? 1822 16 July 1835 - 180 76 22 10 — 1

31 Y" on Surrender - 13 July 1807 - 22 IO 1 - - - 1 ,i7-

Vide ] Bedfordsh. ]

1 1

D° D* 00 to CO I I 1 3 3

31 Y" from the Date 1 May 181© - 1,102 18 11 8,054 an 13 3 1

f 31 Yri from the Date (on^ I Surrender) - - -J 26 Mar. 1813 - 1,586 2 IO 2,000 — 5 — 1 / — 5 — \ and -J-th of

lof Y" from 20 May 1804 20 Novemr 1814 313 16 4 350 84 15 — ' I

11 Y" from 14 Feb^ 1804 14 Feb^ 1815 - 140 220 >5 4 4

10 J Yr# from 21 Novr 1796 21 May 1807 - 200 320 74 25

12 Yrt from 25 July 1781 - 25 July 1793 - 64 3 H; - 49 >3 7i

igi Y^from 11 July 1796 11 Janr7 1816 - 210 12 620 a8 11 4

20 Yn from 11 Octor 1795 11 Octobr 1815 200 345 10 — 4* >7 —

22 Y" from 6 Ap11780 - 6 April 1802 - 20 8 — r f 4 9

l 6a J

Si Y" from 11 July 1796 - 11 April 1802 - l6 J- 4 11 2

22 Y" from 6 Ap1 1780 - 6 April 1802 - 82 8 — 326 24 15 1

13 May 1768 <1 the Rent ncarh pH

3o| Yrtfrom 2 No\r 1737 ! the Value - f ' 2 — —

1 r

Commencement and the Profits*

from 2i No\r 1796,

«v«ru.i Ul me Stiul V'or.iHt of lir»vydoi\

in t\ic Uulclier l\ow, kit Now

li llol» rt T nwiPiiffi, tntl Ye row Ai ruwHUUth,

Thoi

i'hoinui CVurko

June >77*

1 y ‘73*

‘2 Yr* from 6 Ap1 1780 -

Y'*from v* Novr *7 37 -

<3 April i8o j - I 8 I 3'^ I 24 *5 / I

>s M.O- .70. - */ I I

to

g

(Q

r — H

n’

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

00

rT

NJ

WESTMORLAND:

Three Fourth Parts of the Barony of Kendall; \ viz*.

Two Fourth Parts thereof, called the Richmond I Fee; and - - - - /

One Fourth Part thereof, called the Marquis 1

Fee.....J

This Grant to Frazier and Bridgeman be-' came vested in Lady Viscountess Dowager Lonsdale, who being advised by her Counsel that the Jurisdiction of the Richmond Fee did not sufficiently pass by the said Grant to enable her to hold Courts, admit Tenants, and receive Fines and Heriots — To supply that Defect, a Grant of the Richmond Fee was made to Trustees for her in the Year 1708, and re-' newed to Lord Lonsdale in the Year 1746; and Sir James Lowther becoming entitled to the Remainder of the Grant to Frazier and Bridgeman, a further Lease of the Richmond Fee (for supplying the said Defect) was granted to - - -'

WORCESTERSHIRE:

The Manor of King’s Norton, with the Appur-T te nances -

Divers Coppices, Woods, and Woodlands, situate^ in the Forest of Wyre -I

Two Cottages, and a small Parcel of Land, in Ten- bury, in this County, demised, with certain > Parcels in Herefordshire, to - - - -J

All Coal Mines in the Common or Waste of the"i Manor of Bewdley, and divers Messuages, Cot- ( tages, Lands, and Rents in Bewdley, together with Bewdley Park - - - -J

Also, several Coppices and Woodlands the Forest of Wyre,

Bewdley

inl

within the Manor ofj

YORKSHIRE:

Two Messuages and divers Lands at Sharleston -.Certain Coal Mines within the Township or Terri- tories of Sharleston A Grange or Farm, called Woodhouse Grange at Woodhouse, in the Parish of Sutton, near Pocklington -Twenty small Tenements or Farms within the Manor of llosedule - - - - -j

Fourteen other small Farms within the Manor of I llosedule - - - -J

Cha* Frazier and Cha* Bridge-! man, Esqr* - - - j now Sir James Lowther, B* 18 April 1694 - f99 Yr* from the Decease"! 1 of Cath. late Qu. Dow-1 1 ager, which happen'd 31 1 Decemr 1705, N. S. -J

The said Sir Ja* Lowther 28 0ctori768 - / For 99 Years, if the A 1 Prince of Wales, the A Bishop of Ofinaburgh, V ] and the said Sir James / I Lowther shall so long \ live - - -J 1

Jlenry Archer, E«q.r 25 July 1759 - 16 YM from Feb* 1774 -

Sir Edwd Winnington, B* 7 Aug* 1771 - i6f Yr* from 5 April 1784

\Vm Lord Viscount Barring-! ton, and othri - - -J Vide Herefordshire.

Sir Fra* Winnington -D* 20 July 1674 by the same Lease . ffor 99 Y,# after 40 Yrs"| J from Mich* 1702, grant- I 1 ed by Queen Cath. to f t Sir Riclid Powle - -J ffor 99 Yr# after 40 Yr*"| j from Lady Day 1695^1 \ granted as above men- f I tinned -J

John Morville, Gent. - 25 May 1786 - 29! Yr$ from 27 JanT* 1787

Tho9 Earl of Westmorland - 30 April 1767 31 Years from the Date -

Eleanor Coore, Widow 24 Octobr 1766 T99 Yr* determinable on the 1 Lives of Thomas, John, L and Elizabeth Coore

Isaac Dunn, and othr* - 14 Aug* 1786 14^ Yr* from 5 Ap11802 -

\V,n Dowson, Esqr, and othr* 14 Aug* 1786 - 14J Yri from 22 May 1802

31 Decemr 1804

379 8 4$ 1,000 I — 10 — f

- - - m mm m 1

By this Lease Power was granted to the Lessee to receive all Fines General, and all Arrears thereof, due to the Crown on the Deaths of Cath. Queen Dowager, Queen Anne, King George the i#t, and George 2d. The Lessee accounting for the same on Oath before the Auditor, and paying One Third Part thereof into the Exchequer.

4 Febr* 1790 10 Octor 1800

10 Octor 1841

5 April 1834

*7 July 1816 -30 April 1798

1

10 Octobr 1816 22 Novr 1816

55 13 4} 73 —

232 5 6 90-----

36 3 a (Unknown)

58 6 8

277 17 6 207 2 10

20-----

200 —

f 54 3 4

\ and 1 Part of the Profits of the L Heaths, Wasted and Commons.

22----

33®----

m m m

140----

630 — —

340----

2 13 8 410 5

r — 10 — l and TV of the Profits.

13 6 8 ^Twenty Rents 61 10 6 f Fourteen Rents I 43 *0 —

a

M

O

The Ffne paid, and Rent reserved, do not appear to the Surveyor General*

00

o

r

from 27 January 1787.

U)

on

tso g.53 Jr:1? % 3.1 ~

d 3

D

cq'

i — H

n'

CD

Q.

CT

o

o

o,

3

E STATES.

Names of Lessees.

YORKSHIRE continued:

Four small Farms within the Manor of Rosedale - 1 John Watson, and othr#

Three other Farms within the said Manor - I Tho' Hayes, Esqr, and oth

The Manor of Rosedale, with the Courts! I

and Royalties, and all Mines and Minerals M Marmaduke Harrison -therein - - - -J |

trtain Lands within the Lordship and Terri-! 1

tories of Melsa, al* Meux, Parcel of the lateU Arthur Robinson, Clk. Monastery of Melsa, al* Meux -J

lVo Farms in Sutton, called Sutton Grange,) „ Goodricke, Clk.\ ami Ortenthwayte Grange, and othei Lands in and Am' his wife Sutton -

Several Farms within the Manor of Hooton in!l DaiDh Yoward Gisborough, and also the Manor of Hooton -J I *

The Manor of Thornton Briggs, and the Capital! I

Messuage called Thornton Hall, with divereM Thomas Gurnell, Esqr -other Messuages and Lunds there - - -J 1

The Scite of the late Monastery of S' Mary, in) Dame Dorothy Robinson the Suburbs of the City of York - - -J J

Dates of last Leases.

Terms granted.

Expiration.

[Yearly Value per I Fines paid for latest Surrey. I last leases.

3 March 1779 - L8 Yr‘ from 5 April 1791

by the same Lease. D° -

18 YT* from 22 Febr* 1791 i6£ Yr* from 25 July 1792

5 April 1809

128 7 4

2aFebrM8c>9 J- - -,) 400 —

I 8 the Manor 25 JanT 1809 K the Mines un-I I certain

-J

4

The Manor, or reputed Manor, of Northstead,! I

consisting of divers Farms within the Parish of >1 Sir Clia* Thompson, Bl, K. B. Sealby, near Scarborough - - - -J J

The Manor of A dome, with the Scite and Capital) William 1Iaggersion -Messuage of the said Manor, and divers Farms Maxwd| Constable, Esqr . therein - . - - JI

All Mines and Veins of Lead within the Terri-11

lories and Fields of Grinton, Whitaside, >| Caleb Redshaw, Esqr -llarkaside, and Fremington -J

Certain Lands called Kirkstall Ings alias Folly)! George Lord Bingley -foot lugs, in the Parish of Wighell -J| & & J

All Mines of Lead, Tin, and other Minerals,!!

within the Lands of Hugh Bethell, Esquire, U Hugh Bethell, Esqr Parcel of the late Forest of Gaultres - -II The Manor of the Chapter of Beverly, with several) wmiam Nelson Gent.

small Ienements m Beverly - - - -I!

A Grange or Farm, called Heworth Grange,) wnUam Da Es , situate in Heworth, near the City of lork -J I n

The Tythes of the Vicarage of Halifax

- 1 Thomas Duke of Leeds

24 April 1761 -

26 July 1785

8 May 1751

4 Aug* 1775

24 Octobr 1770

16 Novr 1773 renewed 3 June 1780

7 No vena1 1778 3 Decemr 1771

7 March 1770 -

6 Fet/r 1744.

26 Sepr 1761 31 Octor 1781

13 July 1776

13J Yr* from 27 May 1778 I 27 Novr 1791 [ 81---- J 74 16

- I 31 Yf4 from Lady Day 1784 J Lady Day 1815 J 7*-----| 9°° —

For the Lives of Ralph!! Yoward, Sarah Yoward, jl and Mary Bridges -J f

16 Yr‘ from 10 Feb’T 1789

21 Yrt from 27 March 1780

6 Yrt from 2 May 1798 6| Yr* from 2 May 1804 lo j Yr* from 12 Mar. 1798

31 Yri from the Date

25 J Yr# from 25 Febry 1774 |

31 Yr* from the Date

24 Yr‘from 10 Sepr 1768 i5i Yfi from 26 No\r 1796

31 Yrl from the Date

184 15 — J 800 —

ioFebry 1805 I 378 10 ] 9&>-----

27 March 1801 I 111---- I 250 — —

- h" " - f *5° —

r 380 7 2 \\ fT 1810 - J- - - H 350----

2 Nov

i2Septri8o8 [ 254 8 — 450 ——

3 Decemr 1802 I (uncertain)

Old Rents.

Increased Rents and New Renta.

Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

4-----

3 -

4 10 —

3 16 8

3 4 6 366 6 to 1

— 6 8

— 3 4 and -njth of the Profits

46 12 —

for the Manor for the Mines.

9 11 — 30 6 8

126 3 4 — 10 —

27 6 8

till 27 March 1780. from that Time.

1

25 Aug* 1799 17 Febr* 1776

ioSepri792 -

26 May 1812

13 July 1807

30----1 200-----

unknown

40---- J 330 — —

150----460 ——

I {no Fine;

70 3 4 < Vide Bed-H fordsh.

5 *

29 —

and Jtb of the clear Profits

f — 10 — . j^and V^th of the Profits.

— 6 8

21-----

/ 3 3 6.

I >3 »7 6

f 3a 16 — I till 1 May 1798. Y 57 7 6£ from that, Time.

at the latter Rent.

) 31 16 —

1 —

1 —

apd -^th of the Lead

) 416 —

9 6

ON

from 12 March 1798.

00

o

from the Date of the Lease.

<1

OO

g

CQ_

i — H

n'

CD

CL

O"

O

o

The Soil of all Wastes and Commons in the Yil-' lages of Askrigg, Newbigging, and Nappa Scar, in the Parish of Ayesgarth, alias Akesgarth; all Goods and Chattels of Felons, &c*. and all Mines within the said Wastes -

The Manor of Hempholme, with the Capital! Messuage of the said Manor, and divers Lands therein ---- -J

A Toft, and several small Parcels of Land, in| Dringhouse and Middlethorpe - - -J

Ship pens - - - - -J

A Cottage, and Two Oxgangs of Land, in' Singlethorne, and Two Oxgangs in Knotting^ ....

The Forest of Arkilgarthdale, and divers Mes-' suage9, Lands, Woods, Mines, &c. in the said Forest, concealed from the Crown - - -J

William Weddell, Esq'

William Bethell, Esqr *

Francis Barlow, and

In* Wood Boynton,. Esqr# --

Patientius Ward -

Nicholas Smith, Gent.

John Hill, and Ralph Hardwick -

17 Jan'7 1783 -

5 Nov' 1773 -

4 Aug' 1763 -

4 0ctor 1762

22 May 176a -

18 Feb'y 1697 -

There was a Clause in this Lease, that the same should be void if the Premisses were not recovered within Seven Y~ears from the Date: And the Premisses not being recovered within that Period (though the Lessees, had expended considerable Sums in Proceedings at Law for that Purpose) the above-mentioned Lease was surrendered, and a new Lease was applied for, in the Year 1717, by William Wallis, Esqr; but it does not appear that any Part of the Premisses has been recovered.

Several Tenements in the Town of New Malton - Cha* Marquis of Rockingham

'1 he Office of Steward and Bayliffe of the Manor\ Henry Waterland of Thornton in Eusington -J 17

11 Novetn' 1778 - - - - 1708 1

Divers Messuages, Lands, and Rents, in Hod-! rodd - -- -- -J

A Parcel of Sandy Land, called The Sunk Island,! in the River Humber, great Part whereof has I been embanked, and a Chapel, and several Farm [ Houses, erected thereon- - - - -J

A Parcel of Sandy Land, overflowed by the) Sea, called Middle Sands, lying in the River( Humber, near the Manors of South-cave and Bromfleet ---- -J

Divers Messuages and Lands in the Parish of!

H s chill j

Divers Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in Cud-( worth - - - J

Wm and Cha* Mellish, Esqr,"( (in Trust) - - -/ 7 Jau'r 1775 -

M arg' G il by, Wf - 7 Aug' 1771 .

Henry Washington

Henry Wright 1 March 1771 -

Ridgeway Owen Meyrick, Esqr 23 Janry 1773 -

for Yr> from 5 Jan*? 1789

f31 Yr* from the Date, onl Surrender -J

24 Yr* from 19 Jan^ 1770 28 Yr* from 10 Octo* 1765

31 Yr* from 10 Octor 1759

51 Y* from the Datfr

50 Yn from the Date f During her Majesty's Plea-1 sure - - - -J

rFor the Lives of Lord*

I Visco* Gall way, and I

| Jn° Tempest, in lie-f

L version - - -J

15 Yri from 15 March 1787

31 Y" from the Date

17 Yr‘ from 16 April 1784 31 Yr# from the Date

5 July 1813 -

5 Novr 1804 -19 Janrr 1794 ioOctor 1793

ioOctor 1790

18 Febrr 1748

11 No\r 1828

15 March 1802

- 1736|

16 April 1801 23 Jan1? 1804

2 besides^ the Mines, I which are f ^uncertain. J

124 7 —

8-----

22 13 4

12 15 —

300 -

14 2

150 —

goo-----

Of little or no Value at the Time of the Grant.

15 —

57----

180. — —

40-----

80-----

60-----

50----

770 —

1,550-----

30----

596 13 4

10 —

and ^yth of the Profits

— 12 —

— 14 —

11 6 8

{ =

— 14 — 8 2

— 6 8

> — 10 —

and 15 s. per Pother for Lead Ore, and t<5 J>art ot^r Ore3»

6----

13 11 —

3----

I of the clear Profits, to be accounted for Yearly

9 3 2

10 19 10

f 20----

\ 100-----

2 s. 6d. per Acre for so much as should become profitable for Arable or Pasture.

244

»15 9

2 iO —

2 13 2 } 10 ~ -

till 10 Octobr 1793. from that Time, p

J" from the Date of the Lease.

till 15 March 1787. from that Time.

from 16 April 1784^ from the Date.

ON

27 Geo. III. 8° Februarii.

>*9

iiffl

S

ESTATES.

YORKSHIRE continued:

A Piece of Ground adjoining to the Town oh Kingston upon Hull, on which Ground was [ to be erected a Custom House for the Port of Hull -

u

Names of Lessees.

Dates of last Leases.

W® Mellish, Esqr, in Trust for the Commissioners of M i3Juuei77l the Customs -J

.Divers Fee Farm Rents, issuing out of several^ Charles Slingsby Duncombe,"ll

Manors and Lands in this County, amounting J> and Henry Duncombe, >1 24 Aug* 1770 -

to £.413. 3*. 10id. -)

Divers other Fee Farm Rents, amounting tot

Terms granted.

£.276. 15 a. 3d. Half Farthing

Two Farms in Low Dunsforth and Upper Dunsforth ....

A Messuage and Lands at Skelton Coat, in the Parish of Spenitborae -

Another Messuage and Lands at Skelton Coat

Mem*w:

Esqr*

D* -

Wm Rickinson, Esqr

Thomas Hutchinson, G* William TAnson, Esqr -

50 Yr‘ from the Date

22f YT* from 20 Ap1 1773

- I By the same Lease I 30 Yr* from 10 Octor 17*70 f3i Years from the Date,

- j 20 Aug* 1773 -

17 Decemr 1774

14 Novemr 1774

Expiration.

Yearly Value per latest Survey.

[31 \ ears irom toe uate, J if the Interest of the \

-1

Crown in the Premisses shall so long last -For the Lived of the Prince of Wales and Bishop of Osnaburgh, in Reversion of the Life L of one Rob* Nicholls -31 Yr* from the Date

13 June 1821 20

20 Octor 1800 4*3 3

10 Octor 1800 276 15 3i

20 Aug* 1804 50

- 5* 13 —

14 Novr 1805 55 4 —

Fines paid for last Leases.

3,100----

466 13 4

50----

50----

The last mentioned Farm having been held over for many Years by the former Possessor, and claimed by him as Freehold, and no Rent having been paid to the Crown for the same since Mich* 1734, the Lords of the Treasury, by Warrant dated 28 Febry 1775, authorized the said Wa TAnson to sue for, levy, collect, and receive the Mesne Profits thereof, paying One Third Part of what should be recovered to the Receiver General, for His Majesty’s Use, upon an Account to be stated with the Auditor, and to retain the Residue for his own Use and Benefit.

Old Rents.

30 — *

10 -and

- 10 -

Increased Rents and New Rents.

Commencement and Continuance of New Rents.

u*

[To be paid to the Governor of the } Garrison of Hull, during his Con-L tinuance in that Office.

2-----

2-----

f 7 13 4

\38 6 7 25 —

16 13 4

17 11

18 K — r

till 20 April 1778. from that Time.

frdm 10 Octor 1770.

f from the Death of the said, ltob1 Nicholls.

from the Date of the Lease

CHAS MIDDLETON JOHN CALL,

ARTHUR HOLDSWORTH.

(Signed) G., AUGUSTUS SELWYN, Surveyor General,

Novr 17 th, 1786.

OO

o

t4*

o

cq'

N

v w

Q_

27 Geo. III. 8° — 90 Februarii. 365

Ordered, That the said Report and Schedule do lie upon the Table, to bp perused by the Members of the 1 louse.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report and Schedule be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from the Duties on Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Malt, &c. was CHj|ej in . an(j at the . presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duties on Malt, in the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, and 1786: And also,

An Account of the Duties on Bees, for the Years ended 5th July 1783, 1784, 1785, and 1786: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the several Duties upon Spirits distilled from Malt, distinguishing the Quantity of such Spirits charged with the Duty, in the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, and 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the auamst^Ir W le House, to consider further of the several Articles Hastings. of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against 0 Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Accounts Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the presented. House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Imports, &c. N° 1. An Account of the British Imports to, and i*ortu"al°m Exports from, Portugal, in 1772: And also,

0 N° 2. An Account of the British Imports to, and

Exports from, Portugal, in 1773: And also,

Trade with N° 3. State of the Trade between the British Do-Portugal., minions and Portugal, in 1785.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and State.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and State be printed, as shall be sufficient for t|ie Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and State are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Veneris, 9* die Februarii;

Anno 27° Georgii III,a Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

COLO MON I) ED EL took the Oaths appointed Dedei sworn. in order to his Naturalization.

Sir Joseph Mazvbey reported from the Committee, to Wacker-

whom the Rill for naturalizing George was harth’s Nat

committed; That the Committee had examined the Bl1 rePorte<, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Gipps presented to the House, according to Canterbury Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and Paving Bill watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Pas- Presenled* sages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets, and other Places, near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting Reading into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Roads 1’etU Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for tion* repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow,

Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Ricknumdsworth, JVatford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford, and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bisham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several considerable Sums of Money owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads: and that the Term of the said Act is now expiring, and the Money owing cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good and sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued and enlarged, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Call, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn- , _ , .

ing, Ten of the Clock. A Petition of the poor unfortunate Debtors, confined Nevrgat*

in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgale, was presented to the Debtor* House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and reUtion' praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

V 0 l. 42. 5 A Mr.

3 66

9° Februarii.

A. 1787.

Malt Bill presented.

Land Tax Bill presented.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, That Charles Esquire, Sheriff Depute <of Motion for

a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain the County of do attend this House, upon hl6

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Tuesday, the 3d Day of April next, to answer the Matter 0 ‘ 'r ' 0 ‘ ‘ 1 of the said Complaint.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be taken into Consideration upon , the 30th Day of

March next.

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House CommitiM to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Committee on British fisheries Act.

Marine Mutiny Bill committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in tile last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the British Fisheries," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Archibald Ednumtone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Estimate#

referred.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Army wl Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in 9rdnanf* Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from v.’th December 1786 to

24th December 1787, both inclusive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Yedr 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters ;to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; of the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Aforn- Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay-

Account of Exports and Imports presented.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1787, be relcrred to the

master General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His

Complaint against the Sheriff Depute of Renfrew.

House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, 'Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, Britain, distinguishing each Place, from 1782

to Christmas 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Complaint being made to the House, That the Writ, for the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament

said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments and Four Companies of Foot, serving in North America, the West Indies, and the Isle of Man, from 23th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both inclusive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1787, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

'Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

for the County of Renfrew, was sealed and tested on they had come to several Resolutions; which they had the 26th Day of June 1786; that the said Writ was J: — --- J *- 1 — l — n -1 *~

delivered to Charles M'Duzcall, of Crichen, Esquii'e, the Sheriff Depute of the said County, on or before the 20th Day of July 1786; that the said Sheriff, although frequently requested, instead of naming an early and.

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Aloming next.

Air. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was

convenient Day for the Election of a Member, to be directed by the Committee to move, that they may have held in pursuance of the said Writ, unnecessarily, and Leave to sit again.

contrary to the Duty of his Office, delayed executing Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alom-the same, by not proceeding to hold the Election until ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the 19th of October following; House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, His Majesty.

j Resolved,

27 Geo. III.

90 — 12° Febriiftrii.

1*1

House adjourns lo Monday.

Motion for Papers relucting Portugal.

Ki

''b

Committee on New South Wales Judicature Bill

h,) i k

"Vs

JQV

calc

the

Ma-

ine

h\-

h

id

i!

Ways and Means deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies, or Extracts, of the Instructions that have been given to His Majesty’s Ministers in Portugal,^since the 1st of May 1782, respecting the Complaints of the British Merchants; as also of the Answer or Answers of the Court of Portugal to the Representations which have been made in consequence of such Instructions, with the several Dates of the said Instructions and Answers;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to en.ihle His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Walts, and the Parts adjacent.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burges reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Norton, &c.: And they ate to ing, at Nine of the Clock, in

and have Records.

meet Tomorrow Morn-the Speaker’s Chamber;

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hia Warrant MaldenWriu to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of M in the County of Essex, in the room of the Right honourable Drigue Billers, Lord Waltham in the Kingdom of deceased.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in the Castle of Debtors Norwich:And also. Petitions.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Debtors and Prisoners in His Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of York, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Debtors and Prisoners in His Majesty’s Gaol or Prison commonly called The upon Ouse

Bridge, in the City of York, and County of the said City: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in Newgate, in the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in the City Gaol of Chester: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt now confined in Gloucester Castle;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Harlow Powers of several Acts, made in the Tenth Year of Road BiR the Reign of King George the First, the Sixteenth Year C0Ulmmed* And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Qf the Reign of King George, the Second, and the Ninth

next, Ten of the Clock.

k Lunce, 12* die Februarii;

n Anno 17° Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1787.

j Praters.

t C«mber.ell A P E T ITIO N of several principal Inhabitants

’ 5^'cW)a® JLX. of the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in

1 i^c the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made, in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for lighting and watching the " Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County " of Surrey, and certain Roads therein-mentioned " leadings thereto, and for establishing a Foot Patrole " between Peckham and Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark," which Act hath been found in some Respects defective, and, the Petitioners apprehend the Purposes thereof might be executed better, and more for the Benefit of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Villages, if some Alterations and Amendments were made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Vot. 42.

Dedel’s Nat Bill commi t ted.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of Northwcald Bassett, Bobbingwoi'th, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar,

and Shelley, to the Four Want , in the said Parish

of Shelley, and from thence, through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish of Writtle, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. sion. Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Solomon Dedel, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ston, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kessmgland and Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, in the County of sure Bill Suffolk, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pent'uddocke presented to the House, according puckle-to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the church Road Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the DlR Pra~ Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfeld, to Christian sented' Malford Bridge, and from Pucklechurch aforesaid to

certain

Keasingland, &c. Inclo-

12° Februarii. 1787.

Wacker-liarth’s Nat. Bill passed.

The Lords agree to lottery Bill, with Amendments.

certain Coal Mines in the said Parish, and from the with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Turnpike Road at Pucklechurch aforesaid to the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Bristol Turnpike Road at Wick, in the Counties of And then the Messengers withdrew.

Gloucester and Wilts: And the same was received;

and read the First Titne. The House being informed that Mr. ,from Account of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Redaction of

attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the ^0B* An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George IVacker- Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the DireC-barth, was read the Third Time. tions of an Act of Parliament,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title An Account from the Bank of England, of the Re-be, An Act for naturalizing George JVackerbarth. ceipt and Expenditure of £.500,555 in the First and

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill Second Quarters, from August 2d 1786 to January to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. 31st 1787, by the Commissioners, for the Reduction

of the National Debt; likewise, an Account of the,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Receipt of £. 254,110, to be applied in the Quarter Graces: between the 1st of February and 1st of May 1787.

Mr. Speaker, And then he withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An And the Title of the said Account was read.

Act for amending and rendering more effectual the The said Account is as followeth;

Laws now in Force for suppressing unlawful Lotteries,

An

s

a*

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £ 500,555, in the Ffrst and Second Quarters, from August 2d 1786 to January 31st 1787? by the Commissioners appointed by

26th of Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

D".

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

C'*.

To Cash paid for the following Stock, purchased as Capital Stocks. the Act directs, viz'.

By Cash received at sundry Times, viz*.

157.000 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -196,800 Reduced Annuities Consolidated -166,950 Old South Sea Annuities -

107.000 New South Sea Annuities

35,000 £3 per Cent. Annuities J 751 -

£ 662,750 The Interest on which is£. 19,882. 10s. per Ann*

£ s. 119,566 17 6

>47,738 -

126,205 >7 6 81,301 5 — 2.5,743 -

500,555-----

From the Exchequer, being 2 Quarterly Issues -For 6 Months Interest on £ 37,000 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1786 - -

)C’ S' 500,000 -

555 -

500,555-----

C*

Gd

By Cash received at sundry Times, to be applied in the Quarter between the 1st of February and the 1st of May 1787, viz*. y

1787.

Jan,y 16. For 6 Months Int. on ^.84,000 Old South Sea Ann*, due 10th Oct* 1786 D° - on £ 155,000 Consol" 3 p. C* Ann*, due 5th Ins' -17. From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue -26. For 6 Months Int. on £ 35,000 £ 3 p. C' Ann* 1751, due 5th Ins* .

Bank of England, 12th Feb*r 1787.

1,260----

2,325----

250,000-----

525-----

254,110-----

A. Nervlandy Chief Cashier.

0

1

OS

'O

47 Geo. III. 12° F

Committee on Marine Mutiny Bill.

Report on British Fish cries Act.

370 120 Februarii. A. 1787.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Resolution: And that Sir Archibald Edmomtone, Lord to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Frederick Campbell, Mr. Sir Adam Fergussoit,

upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s and Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read. same.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Com- A Petition of the Right Honourable George Simon Coggs luck mittee. Earl Harcourt, Lord of the Manor of Coggs, in the sure Pcuti*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. County of Oxford, and Owner of a very great Part of

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee. the Lands within the Manor and Parish of Coggs afore-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. said, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That forth, That there are, within the said Manor and they had gone through the Bill, and made several Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and to report, when the House will please to receive the other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioner same. and others, which, in their present Situation, are

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if Morning. divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and in-

closed, would be very advantageous to the several Sir Archibald Edmonstone, according to Order, Persons interested therein: And therefore praying,

- reported from the Committee of the whole House, to That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those whom it was referred to consider of an Act made in Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act shall seem meet.

" for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

" Fisheries," the Resolution which the Committee pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that had directed him to report to the House; which he Lord Charles Spencer and the Lord Wettman do prepare, read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the and bring in, the same.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

followeth; viz. The House being informed that Mr. FarhUl, Secretary Account of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Reduction of That the Bounty granted by the Act of the last Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and,

Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the

" effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," Directions of an Act of Parliament,

to the Owners of Busses and Vessels built after the The Account of the Commissioners appointed by

1st Day of January 1780, be extended and paid to the Act of Parliament, for applying certain Sums of

Owners of all Busses and Vessels whatever, built in Money Annually to the Reduction of the National

Great Britain, and employed in the said Fishery, Debt

subject to the Directions and Provisions of the said And then he withdrew'.

Act. And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, The said Account is as followeth; vis.

The

«rrsf

k* f

A' ,/J- '

-r. rf

The ACCOMPT of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament) for applying certain Sums of Money Annually to the Reduction of the National Debt.

S

10

D

cq"

n

CD

Q-

O"

o

o

<3

rT

Dr. First Qr. Con$old 3 p. C‘ Ann*. Reduced Ann* 3 p. C*.

178<r. Cish Received. Capital. Price. Stints paid. Cipitul. Price. Sums paid.

July 31. To Exchequer Issue 250,000 — .

Aug. 2.

5- - - - 5,200 7<H 3,965 -

4*

8. 9- - - - - 3,100 77 i 2,410 5 —

10. 11. 6,900 in 5433 15 —

*5-

16.

17 - - - 7,000 77?* 5,427 10 —

18.

’ 22. . - - - _ _ _ m m m.

23.

25- 7,000 7«f 77? 5,495

29. 7,000 5425

30.

31. Sepr 1. - - "* 7,000 78i 5,486 5 —

.4. 6. 4. 6,000 7 H 4,710 . —

7-

8. - m

12.

13.

' H- - - 3,100 78 2,418 -

*5- - - " 7,000 78 5,460 --

19. - - 7,000 77? 5 >451 5 — -

20. r - 7,000 77l 5,451 5 — - — «r

26. - > 5,000 77* 3,887 10 — - -

27. - - " 7,000 71 \ 5,425 -

2*. < - - - 2,000 77 1,540 m *

Octr f - . M m

4- - - 7>i°° 77i 5,48415 _ - w

5- r - " -

6. 4 "* - - 7,100 77I 5,488 7 6

lb. - - - - ~ - m m

U. - - 7,000 77.7i 5>387 >0 —

12 - ml 7,100 "6* 5,450 12 6

*3 - - 7,000 77* 5,398 15 _ m _ «

*7- - - 5,000 3,825

19. - - - 2,100 76* 1 1,601 10 —

20. 7,ioo 76 5,396 -

24- - m - m - - *

26. - " m m - -

27- - - - 7,200 75 i 5,409

3l* 550 7 6li 419 10 — 6,650 75* 5.004 3 6

Total 1 st Qr - 250,000 — — 100,350 77,477 JO — 50,850 39,373 7 6

Old South Sea 3 p. Cl Ann.

Capital.

7.100

7.100

7.000

7.000

7.000

7.000

7.000

7.000 6,800

7.000

7.000

7.000

84,000

Price.

76j

7 6* 77I

77i

78

77H

77*

77?*

77*

78

77* . 77*

Sums paid.

5,43* 10 — 5,422 12 6 5,442 10 —

5.433 >5 — 5,460-----

5.44°-----

5.43* 5 ~

5.43* 5

5.287 —

5>46° — 5,45* 5

5,433 15

65,*44 *7

New South Sea 3 p. C* Ann*. S,fcSea 1751, A11D.3 p. C1. First Qr. Cr.

Capital. Trice. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital in all the Slocks. Cash paid.

' 7,100 5,43' I® —

2,000 74$ 1,497 10 - 7,200 5,462 10 —

7,100 5,422 12 6

4,000 7«i 3,050 - - - 7,10° 5,46o 5 —

- - - - 7,000 5.442 10 —

6,900 5.433 r.5 —

7,000 5,433 »5 —

7,000 77? 5,425 - - 7,000 5>425

7,000 5,460

7,000 5,427 10 —

7,000 5,440

7,000 77 5,39 - - " 7,000 5,390

7,000 5,45* 5 —

7,000 5,495

7,000 5,4*5

7,000 5,43* 5 —

7,000 5,486 5 ~

6,800 5,287

800 773 619 - 6,800 5,3^9

7,000 5,46°

7,100 77$ 5,484 *5 — - - 7,100 5,484 *5 —

7,000 5-45* 5 —

7,000 76* 5,372 10 — - " - 7,000 5,372 10 —

7,000 5-433 *5 —

4,000 77 3,080 - - - 7,100 5,498

- - - - 7,000 5,460

" - - - - 7,000 5,45* 5 —

" - - - 7,000 5,45* 5 —

2,000 76* 1,537 *o — - - - 7,000 5,425

7,000 5,425

5,100 76i 3,88815 - 7,100 5,428 15 —

7,200 76i 5,490 - 7,200 5,490

7,100 5,484 15 —

7,200 76 5,472 - - - 7,200 5,472

7,100 5,488 7 6

7,100 76i 5,431 10 — 7,100 5,431 10 —

7,000 5,387 10 —

7,100 5,450 *2 6

- - - - 7,000 5,398 *5 —

2,200 75* 1,663 >5 — - - - 7,200 5,488 15 -

5,000 754 3,775 - * - - 7,100 5,376 10 —

- - " - 7,100 5.396

7,200 75* 5,418 - - 7,200 5,418

7,200 75* 5,409 " " - 7,200 5,409

- - ~ — 7,200 5,409

« 7,200 5,423 12 6

89,100 — - J " 6t,o©4 5 — t - - ~ u 324,300 250,000

LK>

27 Geo. III. 1 a0

g

(a

i — h

fsi'

CD

Q_

CT

CD

o

eg

rT

Dr. Second Qr. Consoid 3 p. C* Ann*. Redu iced Anj 3 P- c«. Old South Sea 3 p. Cl Ann". yew South Sea 3 p. C* Ann*. Sth Sea 1751 Ann" 3 p. C*.

1786. Cash Received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price* Sums paid.

To Exchequer Issue 250,000

Octr 17. To Reduced

Ann. Warrant j 555

Nov. 2. . - - - 5,800 75 4,350 " - 2,000 75* 1,502 10 — - -

3- 4,000 74 2,960 4,000 73 2,920

7. 8,000 73* 5,850

8. 8,000 72# 5,820

10. 7,800 74SH 5,788 IO —

H- - - - - 7,000 74# 5,215 800 74i 594

*5- 7,900 73# # 5,823 12 6

16. 7,800 74# 5,791 10 — - _ . „ _

17* 6,800 74# 5,066 1,000 74# 74» 5 —

21. - 7,650 74# 5,699 5 —

22. - 8,000 74# i 5*952 10 —

n- 8,100 73# 5,933 5 ~

*4- - 7,700 74 i 5,755 15 —

28. 8,100 73* 5,933 5 —

29. - 7,700 73# 5,688 7 6

Decl 1. - 7,800 74 5,772

5. - 7,800 74i 5,791 10 —

6. - 8,000 74# 5,950

7. 1,000 73* 737 v> — - - - 3,000 73# 2,216 5 — 4,000 73# 2,935 —

8. - - 8,000 72# 5,820 - - - - .

12. 4,000 7S| 2,955 - 4,000 73# 2,955 —

*3- - - - " . 7,800 73i 5,762 5 —

14. - 8,000 73# 5,910

15* 5,700 73- 4*203 15 — 2,000 73# 1,465

19. 700 74 519 15 — - - - 5,100 74# 3,786 15 — 2,000 74# 1,482 10 —

20. 2,000 74 r 1.482 10 — 6,000 73# 4,417 IO — -

22. „ - - - 7*900 74 5,855 15 —

29. w - - 3,900 74 2,895 15 ~ 4,000 73# 2,945

Jan* 2. - - - 7,800 74^ 5,791 10 —

Q. 1,000 74 741 5 — 6,800 73# 5,006 10 —

u 4. 7,800 741 H 5,799

T 6,800 74# 5,057 10 — 1,000 73*

O* 0. - - 7,850 74## 5*839 »2 6 -

10. 7,900 74 5,846 —

11. - - - 7,800 744 5,83010 —

12. 7,900 74# 5,88510 ——

16. - - - 7,800 75# 5,85915 —

17. - . 7,800 74# 5,78115 —

/ 40- 7,900 73# 5,826 5 —

«. - 7,800 74) \ 5,78115 - - .

24. - - m m 7,800 74) [ 5,78115 —

*7 26. 8,000 74 5,920

3>- - 2,000 74 1,480 3,300 74# 2,45810 — 2,550 74,73# 1,886 17 6

Total 2nd Quarter 250,555 56,650 . 42,089 7 6 145,950 - - 108,364 12 6 82,950 - - 61,061 — 17,900 - - 13,297 35,000 - 25,743

D° 1st Ditto - 250,000 — — 100,350 - 77,477 10 — 50,850 - - 39,373 7 6 84,000 65,144 17 6 89,100 " " 68,004 5 — -

Total - 500,555 157,000 - - ^119,566 17 6 196,800 - 147,738 166,950 126,205 17 6 107,000 - - ‘81,301 5 — 35,000 - 25,743 —

Second Qr

Cr.

Capital in all the Stacks*

7, Soo

8.000

8.000 8,000

7.800

7.800

7.900

7.800

7.800

7,650

8.000

8.100

7.700

8.100

7.700

7.800

7.800

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000

7.800

8.000

7>7°o

7.800

8.000

7»9°°

'7^9oo

7.800

7.800

7.800

7.800

7.850

7.900

7.800

7.900

7.800

7.800 7i9°o

7.800

7.800

8.000

7.850

338,450

324,300

662,750

vj

Ifc3t

Cash paid*

5,35*

5,880

5,850

5.820

5.788 5,809 5,823

5,79»

5,807

5,699

5,952

5.933 5,755

5.933 5-688 5,772 5,79* 5,950 5,888

5.820 5,9'O 5,762 5,9«o 5,668

5.789

5,900

5,855 5,840 5,79» 5,747 5,7519 5-795

5,839

5,846

5,83o

5.885

5>«59

5.781

5,826

5.781

5.781

5,920

5,825

to —

10 —

12 6 10 — 5 — 5 — 10 —

5 — 15 — 5 — 7 6

10 —

15 —

5 — *5 —

15 — 15 — 10 — 15 —

12 &

lO —

IO —

15 — 15 — 5 — 15 — 15 ~

7

250.555 -

250,000 -- —

500.555 -

12° Februarii. A. 1787.

An ACCOUNT of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, and of the Annual Allowances settled by the Commissioners of the

® Treasury for their Service, Pains, and Labour, in performing the Trust severally reposed

fe in them.

Secretary ----- 500---

Cashier of the Bank ----- 200 — —

Broker ----- - 400---

Clerk - - - -80 — —

Messenger - -50---

cx

O

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Charges. '

Incidental Charges -

21 6 6

An ACCOUNT of expired Terms and Annuities.

1786.

Christmas.

Midsummer.

Life Annuities.

A* 1745- Two Lives - -

A® 1746. Five Lives - m - -

A* 1757-

A* 1746. Three Lives

A* 1757- Four Lives - m.

1787.

Christmas.

65----1

- 275----

- - 322 10 —

- 80----

- 323 12 6

ACCRUING INTEREST. Accruing Interest on £662,750 Capital in all the Stocks, per Annum

£ a. 19,882 10 —

C. W. Co William Pitt,

LI. Kenyon,

A. Thomson.

U*

27 Geo. III. 120 Februarii.

374

12 ° Februarii.

A. 1787.

Spofforth

Inclosure

Petition.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused ,by Jhe Members of the House.

A Petition of the Reverend John Tripp, Doctor of Laws, William Middleman, Esquire, Robert Snowdon, Gentleman, and others, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owness of, and Persons interested in, the Lands and Grounds hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and r<#d; Setting forth, That there are, within the Townehip and Parish of in the West

Riding of the County of York, certain uninclosed Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures^ Commons, and Waste Ground?, containing yi the Whole 500 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed, find are, in their present State, capable of little Improvement, but that if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the respective Proprietors, it would be greatly to their Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given t6 bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Duncombe and Air. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Cracoe In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields closure Bill and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Cracoe, committed. in par}sh Gf Burns all, ,in the West Riding of the County of York, wa? read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Report Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Guards and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Garrisons. That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand and Thirty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Six hundred and Thirty-eight effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Ditto. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Six hundred Forty-eight thousand Six hundred Eighty-seven Pounds One Shilling and One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Six hundred and Thirty-eight effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Pay-Masters, Surgeons, and for Riding Masters, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Forces in the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Plantations. That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-four thousand Six hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at Gibraltar, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Pay-

Masters, and Surgeons, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, p.ritish and That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Eight bun- Irish Esta* dred Thirty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Wisliment Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments and Four Companies of Foot, serving in North America, The West Indies, and in The Isle of Man, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Pay-Masters, and Surgeons, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, General That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred Officen, hf. and Nine Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand One Officers, hundred and Ten Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay, for Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Troops i* That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Two East India, hundred and Thirty Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Paymaster That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand Two General, &i* hundred Fifty-three Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and One c’

Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster-General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance. That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Twenty-eight thousand Five hundred Seventy-six Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in a Bill Mutiny Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ordered. Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Air. Secretary at War and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Anjei‘<Jm'‘n,> A\i Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws now in Force for suppressing unlawful bidered. Lotteries.

And

7 Geo. III.

12° Februarii.

375

P !'*-» Gw.it

k

fc*

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz-

Pr. 4. 1. 2. Leave out " Tenth," and insert

" Fourteenth."

Pr. 6.1. 22. Leave out " Tenth," and insert

" Fourteenth."

Pr. 9.1. 23. Leave out Tenth," and insert " Fourteenth."

1. 32. After " Ticket" leave out to " so " as" in Line 37, and insert for " the indemnifying himself or herself against any Loss which " he or she may sustain by adventuring in the said Lottery,

" for or by Reason of such " Ticket."

Pr. 10.1.10. After " Condition" leave out to " to" in line 13.

1. 21. After "notwithstanding" insert " Provided always, That no such Insurance shall be for a less Time " than shall then remain of the " Drawing of the said Lottery, and that every such Ticket " so insured shall be deposited, " by the Person so insuring the " same, in an Office established " or to be established by the " Commissioners for managing the " Duties upon Stamped Vellum, " Parchment, and Paper, for the " Time being, for the Deposit of " Tickets intended to be sold in " Shares, by virtue of an Act, " passed in the Twenty-second " Year of His present Majesty’s " Reign, intituled, "An Act for " licensing Lottery Office Keepers, " and regulating the Sale of Lottery " Tickets," and shall be there left " with the Receiver General of " His Majesty s Stamp Duties, or " some Person or Persons to be " appointed by him to receive the " same, and w ho is and are hereby " authorized and required to receive " the same: Provided also, that " every such Ticket so deposited " may be assignable, together with " such Insurance."

1. 28. Leave out " Tenth," and insert " Fourteenth."

The First Amendment being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further- Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Malt Bill A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty tommitted. certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved ', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

f*

’i

land Tax A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Bill com- Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser-

mitud. vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Eighty-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 42.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to pre- Militia E*ti» pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and mate* Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1787.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Steele, Mr.

Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. *

A Petition of the several Manufacturers whose Treaty with Names are thereunto subscribed, from their General France. Chamber of Manufactures of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, duly impressed with the serious and awful Importance of the Ti%aty of Commerce now pending with France, beg Leave to represent that the said Treaty, involving a vast Complication of Detail, affecting a Variety of the greatest Interests, and comprehending a prodigious Change in the Commercial System of this Country, is an Object of the most momentous Consideration; and that the Petitioners, after the most careful Investigation which such Sources of Information as they have been able to consult hitherto have afforded them, are not capable of forming any certain Judgment of a Treaty fraught with such Magnitude, Novelty, and Variety of Matter, and cannot but be seriously alarmed at hearing, that the House has determined to come to a decisive Vote upon the said Treaty this Day; and that the Petitioners, remembering with Gratitude the Favour and Indulgence' which they experienced from the House on a former Occasion, and the Providential Effects which were then universally allowed to have resulted from Delay, humbly conceive that they have at present still stronger Reasons to request Time for the Purposes of Enquiry and Deliberation, before the House shall come to any Resolution which may be decisive upon this great Measure: And therefore imploring the House to postpone the Adoption of any such Resolution, for the important Reasons above stated, and for such Time as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Commute* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on r*aty to consider of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gra- Wlt rance* cious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty and the Most Christian King;

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, relative to the Trade with France and Portugal, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty and the Most Christian King.

The

3?6

130 — x 3" — 140 — 150 Febr 1787.

Supply deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, te consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon TVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report of The Order of the Day being read, for receiving Judicature* Report from the Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent, was ' committed;

And the House having continued to sit till after Two of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Report be received this Day.

tVays and Means de* ferred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and, Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 13* die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii III*H Regis, 1787. Prayers.

Norwich rI H E Hour appointed for taking into Considera-Election Pe- X tion the Petition of Sir Thomas Beevor, Baronet; ferwd*d*' ant* a^so> the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Twenty-six Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, till To*morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii III,# Regis, 1787.

Pray ers.

Norwich HP IIE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-Election Pc , X tion the Petition of Sir Thomas Beevor, Baro-titionsdfe- net; and also, the Petition of the several Persons fcrred- whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Norwich, and County of the same City,

On Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Maco to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes, and the said Member being by I.aw required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, having delivered in such Account, and taken and subscribed the said Oath accordingly;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Sixty-nine Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 15° die Februarii; Anno 27° Georgii IIP Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Norwich tion the Petition of Sir Thomas Beevor, Baro- Election Pf-net; and also, the Petition of the several Persons ^^stotut’ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Norwich, and County of the same City,

on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Three Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being lofcked;

The Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of George Dempster, Esquire,

being drawn,

M &

n

a-

he

of

ise

re-

an

D'l

red

aid

ioJ

X

of

ira-

dl

itt

ter,

ib'*

fc\.

so

[k;

| u

011

t i

ate

jtf*

One

prr

IfJ

If*

;C3

'tf'

Vt'i

if*

J*

k-’

is(-

27 Geo. III. 15° Februarii. $ 77

Norwich

Election

Committee

appointed.

drawn, he was nominated to serve oil the said Select of an undue Election and Retdrn for the said City, Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and being come;

his Name was set aside. The House proceeded to the Appointment of a

And the Name of John Calvert, Senior, Esquire, Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of being drawn, he required to be excused from serving the said Petitions.

on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused the immediate Attendance of the Members on the accordingly. Business of the House.

And the Names of Twenty other Members, thert And he went accordingly.

present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

’ Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eight, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Three, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Two, on Account of their having voted at the said Election; and One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having beeu brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member named Henry Addington, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

The Counsel and Agents being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of George Dempster and Henry Addington, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Mr. Secretary at War, Patrick Hume, Esquire, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, Baring, Esquire,

Paul Orchard, Esquire, IViUiamDrake, Junior, Esquire, James Martin, Esquire, Alexander Brodie, Esquire, Mark Pringle, Esquire, Lord Viscount Bayham, George Skene, Esquire, John Galley Knight, Esquire, Colonel William IVemyss, George Dempster, Esquire, Henry

Addington, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir Thomas Beevor, Baronet; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

And being returned; ,

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-live Members being found to be present;

The Courisel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir John Jervis, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifteen other Mem* hers, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the Hoijse^ Four, on Account of their being Sn^y'Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Three, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Eight, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners named the Right honourable Thomas Pelham to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Carlisle The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Election Pe- the Petition of Rowland Stephenson, Esquire; and also, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His iideredCOn" Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and 1 1 ’ thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens

to serve in Parliament for the said City, complaining Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, V o l. 42. 5 D resolve

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Malt Bill deferred.

Land Tax Bill deferred.

15° Februarii. 1787.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Marine Mu* Ordered, That Mr. Brett do make the Report front tiny Bill re- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ported. for tjje Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Brett accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingros8ed.

N S Wales Ordered That the Report from the Committee of Judicature the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Bill reported Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Burges accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Bounties on Account of the Amount of Bounties paid on the Ex-Malt ordered, poptation of Malt, from Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1786; distinguishing each Year.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Wines im- Account of Wines imported into England in the Year ported, or- 1786; distinguishing the Quantities which have paid dered. Customs only, from those which have paid Customs and Excise.

East India Ordered, Thai there be laid before this House, Copies Papers, or Duplicates of such Extracts of the Bengal Consulta-

ordered. tions of the 4th November, 1776, as relate to the

Appointment of John Belli, Esquire, to be Agent for Victualling the Garrison of Fort William. *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of a Contract entered into between the Governor General and Council of Bengal, in the Year 1779, and John Belli, Esquire, for furnishing

Provisions for the Garrison of Fort William.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of such Extracts of the Bengal Consultations of the Years 1776 and 1777, as relate to Proposals for feeding and providing Elephants for the Company’s Service; together with a Copy of the Contract entered into for that Purpose by the Governor General and Council with George Tempter, Esquire.

Motion to The House was moved, That an Act made in the consider Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Judicature Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation A«u. " and Management of the Affairs of the East Lidia

" Company, and of the British Possessions in India;

" and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the " more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused " of Offences committed in the East might be

be read.

And the same was read accordingly

The House was also moved, That ari Act made irt the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act " made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation " and Management of the Affairs of the East India:

" Company," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons " accused of certain Offences committed in the East " Indies; for repealing so much of an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the " East India Company, and of the British Possessions " in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature " for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons " accused of Offences committed in the East " as requires the Servants of the East India Company " to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects;

" for rendering the Laws more effectual against " Persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies; and " for the more easy Proof, in certain Cases, of Deeds " and Writings executed in Great Britain or India," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The Counsel and Agehts, before-mentioned, being Carlisle again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to Election attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir John Jervis, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, being added, the same w as called over; and is as follows:

The Honourable William GrimstRobert Thornton, Esquire, Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, Harry Esquire, William Jolliffe, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Thynne, John Macbride, Esquire, William Esquire, Samuel Thornton, Esquire, Richard Esquire, Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, William Pochin, Esquire, Richard Master, Esquire, Sir Jervis, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, the Right honourable Thomas Pelham.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Rowland Stephenson, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner. *

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Then

eo,

Bill for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, ordered.

Presented.

Committed.

CoBUdered.

Reported.

ti

a

hi

lo-

:ie

t;

9»

e

t

27 Geo. III.

i 5"- 16 °

570

Motion to consider East >India Judicature Acts, withdraw i).

Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Motion for the Ilonse to resolve itself An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual the Laws Bill for into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, was suppressing Morning next, to consider of the before-mentioned read the Third Time. unlawful

Re, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title pa^'es’ be, An Act to render more effectual the Law’s now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries.

OrThat Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual the Laws now in being for A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Committee

suppressing unlawful Lotteries: And that Mr. Chan- posed, That this House will, now, resolve itself into on Treaty

cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and a Committee of the whole House, to consider further with FraBce- Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same. of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of

House, according to Order, a Bill to render more January last, as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and

effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful Commerce between His Majesty and the Most Christian Lotteries: And the same was received; and read the King;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word, " now," and inserting the Word " Tomorrow," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the ^hole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Day of January last, as relates to the Treaty of to report, when the House will please to receive the Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty and

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

*45-

59*

{Mr. Young,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

fMr.

\Mr. Francis.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, now, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious

Same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mn Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

the Most Christian King.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaujoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a them referred; and that he was directed by the Corn-

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Duration of the Act

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

c

Mr. Sheridan,

Mr.

(Mr. Rose,

\Mr. Neville.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

} 63

j 94

mittee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

And the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty and the Most Christian King.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Birmingham A Petition of the Commercial Committee, Mer-Vetition chants, Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, and other Inha-Countefeit Chants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, Coin. was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Silver and Copper Coin; and praying, That such Measures may be adopted for producing a sufficient Quantity of good Coin for the public Necessities, and for suppressing the Currency of base Coin, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vol. 42.

Veneris, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 270 Georgii III*14 Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, Mutiny Bill according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny Pre«"t*d-and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

L

380

i 6° Februarii.

A. 1787.

tucklechurch Hoad BUI , committed.

Canterbury Paving Bill, committed.

Goring Ir.-closure Bill presented.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Puckle-

church and Mangots/ield, to Christian Malford Bridge,

and from Pucklcchurchaforesaid to certain Coal Mines

in the said Parish, and from the Turnpike Road at Pucklcchurch aforesaid to the Bristol Turnpike Road

at Hick, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-

ruddocke, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the LII>ertios thereof, and also several Streets, and other Places, near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a for dividing and inclosing the Low I^mds and Com' Second Time. mon Fens within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. of and within the Parish of Blanlmey, in

Charles Robinson, Mr. Gbps, See.: And they are to the County of Lincoln, and for draining and preserving meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Speaker’s Chamber. Martin and Parish of and within the Hamlet

of in the said Parish of Blankney: And that

Mr. Pye presented to the House, according to Order, Mr. Anderson Pelham, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Commons, Linchets,

directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them,.to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as folio wot 11; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Chealesbeing examined, said, That there are, within the Hamlet of Martin, and in the Parish of Blankney, and Hamlet of Linwood, certain Open Common Fens, Common Meadow’, or Half Years Land, inclosed Low Lands, and other Low Lands and Grounds, which are frequently Overflowed or otherwise annoyed with Water; that if the same were properly drained, and the Open Fens, Lands, and Grounds were divided and inclosed, tire Whole might be considerably improved, to the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and to the Benefit of the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground, intermixed with, or adjoining to, the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Gaimbo-Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, w hose Names are rough Bndgi thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of - {tlUon" coin, Nottingham, and York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is no

Barrow Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Manor and Hamlet

Communication, except by Ferries, over the River1 Trent, between the Counties which are bounded by the said River, from the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to the River Humber, in Yorkshire, which are near Seventy Miles distant from of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon each other by Water, and Sixty by Land; and that Trent, in the County of Derby, was presented to the the Ferry which is situate at the South End of the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Town of in the County of Lincoln, is

Grounds of the several Proprietors of the Common and nearly central in both these Respects between Newark Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and upon Trent and the , and much frequented by

Waste Grounds, in the said Manor and Hamlet, lie Passengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and the greatly inteVmixed and dispersed, are subject, on that Passage across the said Ferry, and every other Ferry Account, to frequent Trespasses, and great Inconve- upon the Trait, is at all Times attended with Delay, niences, and cannot, in their present Situation, be im- in some Seasons dangerous, and at others impracticable; proved in the same Manner they might be if divided and that the Roads from the said Ferry to the Towns and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may of East Retford and on the Hill, in the

be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing County of Nottingham, are in a ruinous State, narrow, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and and incommodious, and Part thereof is frequently

Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Cavendish do pre-parse, and bring in, the same.

Martin and Linwood ln-tlosure, &c. Petition, reported.

rendered dangerous, or impassable, by the Overflowing of the River; and that if a Bridge was

erected at or near the Ferry over the River Trent at Gainsborough, and a Road made from the proposed Bridge to the Town of East Retford, with a Side Branch from the same Road to the Town of on the Hill aforesaid (where there is a Turnpike leading Mr. Anderson Pelham reported from the Committee, to the Great North Road at in the County

to whom the Petition of John King, Esquire, William of York) the same would be of great Public Utility,

Bury, Esquire, Charles Chaplin, fisquire, and others, and of essential Service to the North and North

Ow ners and Proprietors of certain Land? and Grounds East Parts of the County of Lincoln, the North and

within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Tim- North West Parts of the County of Nottingham, and berland, and in the Parish of Blankney, and the Ham- the West Riding of the County of York: And therefore let of Linwood, in the Parish of Blankney, in the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Bills

County of Lincoln, and of the Reverend William for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the

Broadbent, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Timberland aforesaid, and of the Reverend Thomas Porter, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Blankney aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the '25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad

River Trent at Gainsborough aforesaid, and purchasing from the Persons interested in the said Ferry their respective Rights therein, and for making, maintaining, and repairing a Road from the proposed Bridge to the said Town of East Retford, with a Side Branch from the same Road to the Town of Gringley on the Iiill aforesaid, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

Geo. III.

i 6° Februarii.

381

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anderson , Mr.

Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Marin* Mu- An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Mating bill jesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the passed. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petitions in a Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Gains-0 Neighbourhood of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of borough the County of York: And also,

Bridge Bill. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, in Manchester, Rochdale, and Places adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given, not only for bringing in a Bill for the building a Bridge over the River Trent near Gainsborough, but that the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Debtors Petitions.1

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the County Gaol of Cumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoner! confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and prty- ing Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Hunt Green Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee; KoadPetition whom the Petition of the several Trustees, ap-

nported. pointed in and by a certain Act of Parliament, made

and passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on " Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through " ingham, and Bumash, to the Extent of the said " Parish of Burwash, in the said County," and of several other Persons whose Names ire thereunto set, living near and usually Travelling the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Philcox being examined, said, That a great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, in the doing of which the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be compleatly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged.

Vol. 4«.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and to the Ex-

tent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County:

And that Mr. Thomas Pelham, Lord George Cavendish,

Mr. Henry Pelham, and the Lord do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to DMel’s Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizing Solomon was Bill reported*

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to establish New South a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent, was read " the Third Time. v

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent.

Ordered, That Mr. Burges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Durham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham, in the County Palatine of Durham', in the room of John Lambton,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply to resdlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Waye and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means de-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferred' Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Malt Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Tax to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred* upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, be now read.

5 E And

Spofforth In* closure Bill presented.

Bridlington Harbour Petition re» ported.

Shrewsbury Roads Petition.

38 a 16° Februarii. A. 1787.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Helds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of in

the Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting in Execution the Acts passed for repairing the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the several Acts passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of King William the Third, the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for the Purpose of lengthening, repairing, and amending the said Piers, were read: And

Mr. John Taylor being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Harbour and Piers of Burlington; and that there has been a very considerable Sum of Money expended in enlarging and improving the Harbour and Piers, whereby great Benefit has accrued to the Northern Navigation. — And being farther examined, he said, That it is necessary, for the Safety of Slapping frequenting the said Harbour, that the same should be further improved, and the said Piers lengthened, but that that cannot be done, nor the present Works, which are liable to suffer frequent great Injuries from the Sea, be supported, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberf orce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of to

" Preston Brockhurst, to Shaw and to Shrey " in the County of Salop;’ and also of several Persons who have advanced considerable Sums -of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereof; and also of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Farmers, residing near and frequently Travelling the said Roads, and the several other Roads herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have made great Progress in amending and widening the said Roads, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain unpaid, but have not been able to

compleat the Repair of the Roads, and pay off the several Creditors, for Want of a sufficient Fund for that Purpose, and from the Shortness of the Time the said Act has to continue in Force; and that the Road leading from Preston Brockh, through Frees, to the Warren House on Prees Heath, on the Great Road leading from Newport to Chester, and the Road leading from Sand ford, on the said Chester Road, through Marchamley, Hodnct, and so as

to join the Road leading from Shrewsbury to Newport at Crudgington, and the Road leading from High ErcaU and Crudgington aforesaid to the said Chester Road at Chetwynd End near Neuport, and also the Road leading from Waters-Upton aforesaid through Bolus and Eaton, to the Pinfold in Child's ErcaU, in the County of Salop, are very narrow and dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prolong the Continuance of the said Act of Parliament, and to grant further Powers to the said Trustees, and that proper Clauses may be inserted therein for widening and repairing the additional Roads before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. K Mr. &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House ad-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Charge to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ?8al"5t to consider further of the several Articles of Charge fe^n°s of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastitigs, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Elijah Impey do attend the said Sir E. Impey Committee upon Tuesday Morning next. *nd Mr-

Ordered, That Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do at- ^^etw> 10 tend the said Committee at the same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Committee House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on ‘""‘y House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s wlt Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty and the Most Christian King;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do, in the First Place, proceed to consider of reducing the Duties upon Wines, directly imported from Portugal into Great Britain, so that such Wines may pay no higher Duties than Two-thirds of the Duties to be imposed upon Wines imported directly from France;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. BeauJ'oy reported from the Committee, That 11 they

27 Geo. III.

16® — 19®

383

if

u

‘‘‘4

4

4

>'1

uJ

ia(

aj.

*5

'4

so

ai

!', J

3

Old Sarum

Writ

tlrey had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarumin the County of Wilts, in the room of the Honourable John Charles Villiers, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Ivelchester

Writ

Luna, 19® die Februarii; ,

Anno 27° Georgii UP1 Regis, 1787. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, in the room of George Johnstone, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, -rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Leith Har- A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and urPetition. councj| of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the great Increase of Trade and Navigation in the Port of Leith, belonging to the Petitioners, the Harbour is become too small, and there are not proper Conveniencics for Ships and Vessels, or for the Afercbants and ojher Traders resorting thereto, and it is therefore become highly necessary not only to deepen, scour, and enlarge the said Harbour, and the Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses already constructed at the Expence of the Petitioners, and to widen the Streets, Lanes, and Passages leading to and from the same, but also to construct new Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses, for building, repairing, laying up, lading, and unlading Ships and Vessels, and for containing Goods and Merchandize, and to make new Streets, Lanes, and Passages to and from the said Harbour, and to purchase Houses, Grounds, and Areas,

1 for the above Purposes; and that it w ould be of great public Utility to have the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners extended over the Grounds so to be purchased, and to ascertain, by a precise Table, the Fees and other Dues now payable, and hereafter to be paid, by , Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, Quays, Piers, and Docks, and by Merchants and other Traders using the said Warehouses, and that, by reason of the great Extent of the City of Edinburgh, and Increase of its Inhabitants, it is become necessary to enlarge the Number of the City Guard, and to widen and improve some of the Streets, and also the intended Communication between the Lawn Market and Princes Street, and the Road between Bristow Port and Lothian Road, and other Roads lying to the> West ward of the said City, and it will be necessary for the Petitioners to purchase Grounds, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money, for executing all the above Works: And therefore praying,

Vo u. 42.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as if shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. teney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Solomon Dedel, was Dedel’s Nat read the Third Time. Bill passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for naturalizing Solomon Dedel.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Elisabeth AUanson, of Studley Royal, Kirkbymal-in the County of York, Widow, Lady of the Manor inrlo-of Kirkbymalzeard, in the same County, the Right sure honourable Lord Grantley, Miles Staoeley, Esquire,

William Tancred, Esquire, Philip Sands, Esquire, James Geldart, Clerk, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors erf Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish of Kirkbymalzeard aforesaid, in the said County of York, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, entitled to Right of Common upon several Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, commonly called or known by the several Names of Kirkby High Moor,

Kirkby Low Moor, Lcrcerton Moor, Galwhey Moor,

Mickley High Moor, and Mickley Low Moor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish of Kirkbymalzeard, several Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Kirkby High Moor, Kirkby Low Moor,

Laoerton Moor, Galwhey Moor, Mickley High Moor, and Mickley Low Moor, containing together, by Estimation, 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts, upon which, or upon some Part or Parts thereof, the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors aforesaid, are entitled to Right of Common at all Times of the Year; and that the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement^ nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were, divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all Persons interested, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing- certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkbymalzeard, in the County of York, in such Manner and Form, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Frederick Robinson and Mr. Lawrence do prepare, arid bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lincoln Peti-thereunto subscribed. Retail Shopkeepers in the City tion against of Lincoln, as well on Behalf of themselves, as the other bwShopTax. Shopkeepers resident in that City, and the Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Corn- plaining of the Tax on Retail Shops; and praying the House to repeal an Act so universally obnoxious and oppressive to every Description of Retail Traders.

Ordered,

19° Februarit. A. 1787.

Ordered, That the said Petition dd lie upon the . Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in the Borough Gaol of Portsmouth: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in Saint Thomas's Ward, the County Prison of Devon, and in the several other Prisons within 'the said County, for Debt: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt iu Morpeth Gaol, in the County of Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in Battlcy Gaol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Wines'll^ The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the ported, pre- Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j seated. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Wines imported into England in the Year 1786; distinguishing the Quantities which have paid Customs only, from those which have paid Customs and Excise.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition in A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Pa-Gahw °* rish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of borough York, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, Bridge Bill. That Leave may be given, not only for bringing in a Bill for the building a Bridge over the River , near Gainsborough, but that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cracoelmlo- Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to sure Bill re- whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open ported. Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Cracoe, in the Parish of in the West Riding

of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 2/5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Mouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Oue; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hurst Green Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, accord-Road Bill ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and

presented, altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Green,

Debtor*

Petitions.

in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and wash, to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny Bill the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, read a Secqnd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply defer, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to r«d. consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to £*'*dt* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the erre' Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Malt Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferre<i-upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Land Tax to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Papers relat-Papers contained in N° 5, which was presented to the *D8t0 Mr. House upon the 2d Day of March, in the last Session ?last!nf> *» of Parliament, by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (except those in the said N° already ordered to be printed) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Beaufoy, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Treaty with ferred to consider of so much of His Majesty’s Most France-Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the (Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient. That all Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, which are not specified in the Sixth Article of the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Britannick Majesty and the Most Chris-

tian King, signed at Versailles the afith of September 1786, shall be imported into this Kingdom on Payment of Duties as low as any which shall be payable

on

&7 Geo. Ill* rp° Febru385

on the Importation of the like Articles from any other European Nation.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be ex-

Eidient, That Wines, of the Produce of the European ominions of the French King, imported directly into this Kingdom, shall, in no Case, pay any higher Duties than the Wines of Portugal now pay.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient,. That the Duty hereafter to be paid upon Vinegar, of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Thirty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten Pence upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons.

Resohced, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty hereafter to be paid upon Brandy, of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom, shall be at a Rate not exceeding Seven Shillings for every Gallon.

Resolved That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That Oil of Olives, coming directly from the European Dominions of the French King, shall, for the future, pay rto higher Duties on the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, than are now paid for the same from the most favoured Nation.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty of Customs hereafter to be paid upon Beer, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported into this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Thirty Pounds pci' Centum ad Valorem.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty hereafter to be paid for all CabinetWork, and Turnery, and for all Instruments of Music, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom* shall be at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

Resoloed, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty hereafter to be paid for all Articles composed of Iron and Steel, separately, or mixed, or worked, or mounted with other Substances, such Articles being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King and not exceeding in their Value Fifty Shillings by the Hundredweight, imported into this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty hereafter to be paid for all Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately, or mixed, or worked, or mounted with other Substances, and exceeding in their Value Fifty Shillings by the Hundred Weight; and for all Buttons, Buckles, Knives, or Scissars, and for all other Articles of Hardware of* Cutlery, and for all Articles composed of Copper and Brass, separately, or mixed, or worked, or mounted with other Substances,. such Articles being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported into this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty of Customs hereafter to be paid upon all Sorts of Cottons and Woollens, whether knit or woven, including Hosiery, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported jinto this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty of Customs hereafter to be paid upon all Linens made of Flax or Hemp, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported into this Kingdom, shall be no higher than the Duty which Linens of the Manufacture of . Vo 1. 49.

Holland or Flanders, imported into this Kingdom, now Report pay. . Treal>M

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient* That the Duty hereafter to be paid for Cambricks and Law'ns, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom, shall be, for every Demi-piece of Cambrick, and for every Demi-piece of Lawn, not exceeding Seven Yards and Three Quarters of a Yard English Measure in Length, and not being above the Value of Fifty Shillings respectively, Five Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater Length; and that the Duty for any Cambrick, imported in Pieces exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard, English Measure, in Breadth* and for any Lawn imported in Pieces exceeding One Yard and a Quarter, English Measure, in Breadth, and being above the Value of Fifty Shillings respectively, shall be Ten Pounds per Centum ai Valorem.

Resolved, That. it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty of Customs hereafter to be paid upon all Saddlery, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported into this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum ad Valorem. t

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty of Customs hereafter to be paid upon Gauzes of all Sorts, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported into this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty of Customs hereafter to be paid upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Millinery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Cambrick, or Gauze, of any Kind, or of any other Article specified in the Sixth Article of the said Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King shall be at the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum hdValorem; and that, if any Articles not so specified, and which may be legally imported into this Kingdom, shall be used in such Millinery, such Articles shall pay Duties as if separately imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty of Customs hereafter to be paid upon all Porcelain, Earthen Ware, and Pottery, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

Resolved, That it appears td this Committee to be expedient, That the Duty of Customs hereafter to be paid upon all Plate Glass and Glass Ware of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom, shall be at the Rate of Tw elve Pounds per Centum ad Valoi'em.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That all Cottons and Linens stained or printed, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom, shall pay, over and above the Duty of Customs to be paid on the Importation thereof, a further Duty sufficient to countervail the Internal Duty actually payable on the like Goods manufactured in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee to be expedient, That all Plate Glass and Glass Ware, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom, shall pay, over and above the Duty of Customs to be paid on the Importation thereof, a further Duty sufficient to countervail the Internal Duties actually payable on the like Goods manufactured in Great Britain, and also the Import Duties charged on the Raw Materials used therein.

5 F

386

19° — io

Februarii.

A. 1787.

Keport on Truty with Fruwv.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

»53*

70.

Resolved, That It appears to this Committee to be expedient. That Beer, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom, shall pay, over and above the Duty of Customs to be paid on the Importation thereof, a further Duty sufficient to countervail the Interned Duty actually paid on Beer brewed in Great Britain.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Sevennight"

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mr. John James -milton,

Mr. Rose:

Mr. St. John,

Mr. Minchin: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being proposed. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Eduard the Third, intituled, M The Warranty of Packing of " Wooll shall be put out An Inquest shall be " Medietate Lingua where an Alien is Party," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King Rickard the Second, intituled, " A Confirmation of Part of the Stat. u of 28 Edw. III. C. 13. touching Merchant Strangers," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That certain Rules, Orders, Directions, and Allowances, for the Advancement of Trade and Encouragement of the Merchant, as also for the regulating as well of the Merchants in making of due Entries and just Payments of their Customs, as of the Officers in all the Ports of this Kingdom, in the faithful Discharge of their Duty, annexed to an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " A Subsidy granted to the King " of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and " imported," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors in the King's Debton Bench Prison, in Behalf of themselves, and several P«htwnj. Thousands Prisoners and Fugitives for Debt, either pining in Gaols at Home, or wandering in Exile Abroad: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in Hull Gaol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 20* die Februarii t Anno 27* Georgii III"* Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

A

PETITION of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Brecon < and others, Trustees appointed by, or in pur- R<»<b

suance of, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing of several Roads in the County of Brecon, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act into Execution have made great Progress in the Repair of the several Roads thereby directed to be repaired, and, for that Purpose, have been obliged to borrow the Sum of £. 10,000 upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act, but the said Roads cannot be well and sufficiently repaired and amended, nor the Money owing upon the Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Terra of the said Act, which is near expiring; be further continued, and the Powers and Authorities thereby given amended, enlarged, and made mere e£ fectual; and that the Road leading from the Town of Brecon, through Glyn Tarrdlth to the Confines of the County of Glamorgan, in the Road to Mertkir Txd-

vill, through the several Parishes of Saint David's, JJanspythyd, Dooynock, Cantreff, Veynor, and

Uanthetty, the Road leading from Trecasfle, by or near Llytvoll Village, through Cwm Y dwr, in the se-

veral Parishes of Llywell and Llandilo'rvane, to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Llandovery, through Cam Y dmr, towards Trecastle, the Road from howtll, through LUmgattock Village, by Pen Y KUley, to Blaen Ormey, in the Parishes of Llangattock and Llm*

gumder, the Road from the Village of Llanfihangel TaU ydlyn, over Hemky Common, to join the Turnpike

Road leading from Llangorse towards Talgarth, through the Parishes of Lanjihangel, Ttd-y-llyn, and Llangorse, the Road from Broynllis, by-the Moorish Lome, to Llyr-wen, in the Parishes of Broynllis and > the Road

leading from the Hay Turnpike Road, near bat,

by Tregunter, to join the Road leading from

towards Talgarth, through the several Parishes of Llattdevalley, LlanmUo, and , and also the

Road leading- from the Hay Turnpike Road, by the TUfy Llunthomas Ttvgoid, YeUndre, and Gwemeeet, to join the' Turnpike Road leading from Talgarth 9 towards

*7-

fe

enl Fl,

i®)

y

Jred

orj

47 Geo. III.

ao° Februarii.

t%7

towards The Three Cocks, through the several Parishes of of Common, who made some Objections to the Bill;

Hay, Llanigon, Glassbury, Broynllis, and Talgarth, are and that the Whole of the Property in respect of which much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and a Right of Common is claimed upon the Lands in-if the same were properly amended and widened it tended to be inclosed, amounts to Two thousand and would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to Fifty-three Acres of Land, and Sixty-two Houses; the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility: And there- and that no Person appeared before the Committee to fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, through the Bill, and made several Amendments and for amending widening, and keeping, the Roads thereunto, which they had directed him to report to above-described, in such Manner as to the House shall the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and seem meet afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it One by One; and, upon the Question severally put shall appear to them, to the House: thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And it is referred to Mr. John Morgan, the Lord Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Lisburne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow ingrossed.

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Sneaker’s

Chamber; and have Poorer to send for Persons, Papers, A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Mar-

and Records. gate, and Parish of John the Baptist, in the Isle Pitr, and.

of Thanet, in the County of Kent, whose Names arc Pav'ns Pel‘-

Cncoelnclo- -An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Several thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and tion‘

sure Bill Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Town- read; Setting forth. That the Town of Margate hath,

ship of Cracoe, in the Parish of Bumsall, in the West from Time immemorial, had a Pier and Harbour,

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third very convenient for the exporting and importing of

Time.

Corn, and other Merchandize, and for the Preserva-

«r-.

tr~

her

Debtors

k Petition.

to

far

iff !

m (rt Goring Tn-

dosore Bill

IK committed.

4

n

it

k

K

of

Rcsotoed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title tion of Shipping in Stress of Weather, and Time of be, An Act for dividing ana inclosing several Open War, and the Safety of the Town itself very much Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of depends on the Maintenance of the Pier; and that, in Cracoe, in the Parish of Burnsall, in the West Riding the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the of the County of York. First, an Act was made to enable the Pier Wardens of

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the said Town more effectually to recover the ancient the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and accustomary Droits for the Support and Main-

tenance of the said Pier, which Act, although bene-A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in His Ma- ficial in its Effects, so far as its Provisions extend, jesty’s Gaol at Beading, in and for the County of Berks, hath not been found adequate to all the good Pur-was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of poses intended, and the present State of the Pier is

their Distress, and praying Relief.

such as to require either an immediate and thorough

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the -Repair of the present Pier Head, which would be at-Table. tended with a very heavy Expence, and when done

would, from the Nature of its Construction, being A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- Timber-built, be liable to frequent Accidents and mon Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Commons, Expences, or the Erection of a new Stone Head, Iinchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or which latter, although probably attended with a greater other Ground, intermixed with, or adjoining to, the Expence in the First Instance, the Petitioners con-said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate ceive will be the more eligible; and that, by rftaaon in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford, was of the great Resort of Nobility and Gentry to Mar-read a Second Time. gate for the Benefit of bathing in the Sea, and from

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord other Circumstances, the said Town hath, of late Charles Spencer, Mr. Rye, &c.: And they are to meet Years, very , much increased, and is continually in-this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s creasing in Extent of Buildings and Nomber of In-Chamber. habitants, and the Trade of me said Town hath pro-

portionably increased, and is likely to increase, and Kcsineland Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and Passages, within

&c.ludosnre whom the Bill for dividing and indosing the Com- the said Town, by Means of such Increase of Trade,

Bill reported, mons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kessing- and by Annoyances and Incroachments thereon, and land and Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, in the for Want of lighting the same, are incommodious; County of Suffolk, was committed. That the Committee and frequently very difficult of Passage; and that it bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of would conduce much to the Prosperity of the said the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Town, and to the Convenience and Benefit of all Per-Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that sons resorting thereto, if some more effectual Powers the Committee had examined the Allegations of the were obtained for ascertaining, establishing, and re- Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the covering of the Droits of the Pier, and if a new Stone Parties' concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, Head, in lieu of the present Pier Head, was erected for to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the the Preservation of the Harbour and Town, and if

Owners of Thirty Acres of Land, and of Two Houses the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages; of the

having Right of Common, who did not chase to sign said Town were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and watched, and preserved: And therefore praying, That also except the Owners of One hundred and Forty- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the said eight Acres of Land, and Three Houses having Right Purposes, with such Powers and Authorities, and under of Common, who could not be met with; and also such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall except the Owners of about Forty-one Acres of Land, seem meet

and Eleven Houses having Right of Common, who Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the did not chuse to sign, but said they would not oppose Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-the Bill; and also except the Owners of One hundred amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it and Fifty-two Acres, and Three Houses having Right shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 42, And.

388 io* FebruariL . 1787*

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Mr»

Gipps, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons* Papers, and Records.

Petition in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, favour of Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen in -field and Places adjacent, and Rotherham and Places Bridge Bill, was presented to the House, and read; Pray-

* ing, That Leave may be given not only for bringing

in a Bill for the building a Bridge over the River Trent, near Gainsboroughbut that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Papers relat- The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Be8lli«ndMr Directors of the East Company, attended at Tempterpre> the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented seated. to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Extract of Bengal Consultations of the 4th November, 1776, relative to the Appointment of John Belli, Esquire, to be Agent for Victualling the Garrison of Fort William: And also,

N° 2. Proceeding? of the Governor General and Council, in the Year 1779, relative to the Conversion of Mr. Beilis Agency, granted him in 1776, for Victualling the Garrison of Tort William, into a Contract for Five Years: And also,

N° 3. Extract of Bengal Consultations of the Year 1776, relative to Proposals for feeding and providing Elephants for the Company’s Use; also, Copy of the

Contract entered into for that Purpose by the Governor General and Council with George,

Esquire.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said list was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing N»»y Esd* the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, mates pre> presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to seoted* His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1787: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1787; and also,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st December, 1786.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimates, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1787.

N®

1.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c\ Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Offices, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating

2.

3-

4- ' 5* 6.

7.

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

J3.

14.

15-

16.

17.

T8.

thereto Superannuated Sea Officers Pensions, and other Allowances --"Chatham Deptford \ V»r A*,) Woolwich -) Yards - \ Portsmouth -

I I Sheemess -

I I Plymouth -

Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and Buildings, &c*. -

Half Pay to Sea Officers....

Bounty to Chaplains

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

- 26,028

- 10,549

4,200

- 3.585

- 4,057 6,126

- 2,434

4,946

1

16

5

18’

16

10

8

7

4

11

6

8.

of the Docks, Wharfs,1

- -J

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1787 -

£ * 55,990 14 *

36,577 18 s 25,351 5 3

6 n

9 11 o 2

4,508 77,506 33,686 66,130 —

206,820 — —

186,000 — ~~ 1,83* *7 6 27,184 18 3

£ AAi O ——

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1787, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred and Twenty-seven thousand and Eighty-two Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence.

Chat Middleton. Geo. Rogers.

J. Henslow.

Geo. Marsh. IV. Campbell.

E. Le Cras.

N A V Y-

- t« OS

IS ip

»Q

NAVY OFFICE, 8th January 1787,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may b6 necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1787: Prepared in pursuance of Directions from the Right honblc the Xords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter 30th past, from Philip Stephens, Esqr.

O

(a

r-H-

n‘

CD

CL

CT

o

o

00

n

Place where*.

Depteobd

Q

Guns.

98

74

28

- 20 Bomb

Sloop

32

28

Brig

44

3

32

28

32

28

Ships Names.

Windsor Castle

Vanguard

Cyclops

Vestal

Unicorn

Vesuvius

Atalanta

Bustler Thames Pomona Triton -Ferret G uardian Leda -Inconstant -Iris Hussar Lizard Aquilon Hind -Circe -Alligator Lapwing Proserpine -

Building, or Nature of their Repair.

Building Building -Large Repair -Large Repair -Large Repair -Between Middling Large Repair -Between Middling Large Repair -Middling Repair

and "1

- J

and

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand June 1787

In Hand-

June 1787 -

April 1787 -

For completing her Masts, Yards, and Cables For completing her Masts, Yards, and Cables For completing her Masts, Yards, and Cables For completing her Masts, Yards, and Cables For completing her Masts and Yards -For completing her Masts and Yards For completing her Masts and Yards -For completing her Masts and Yards --For completing her Masts and Yards -For completing her Masts and Yards -For completing her Masts, Yards, and Sails -For completing her Masts, Yards, and Sails For completing her Masts, Yards, and Rigging For completing her Masts, Yards, and Rigging For completing her Masts, Yards, and Rigging For completing her Sails -

Completed.

Uncertain March 1787. -June 1787 June 1787 December 1787

September 1787

December 1787 November 1787

Charge of their

Hulls, Masts, and Yards.

L

15,000 4,250

3,130

3,3?°

5,470

2,700

3,270

1,650 130 130 130 do 170 160 140 130 130 130 130 130 130 130 130

Rigging and Stores.

T

2,230

2,880

2,300

400

2,oCo

1,130

300

290

200

I40

6Q0

660

600

600

600

660

TOTAL.

I-

15,000

4,250

5,3

6,200

7,770

3,100

5,330 2,?S0 430 420 420 200 170 160 140 130 130 130 820 . 79°

73o

730

730

660

Woolwich

98

74

50

44

Boyne -

Prince

Minotaur

Centurion

Mediator

Building Building -Building -

- Large Repair -

- Small Repair -

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand September 1787

Uncertain April 1787 -

Uncertain March 1787*-December 1787

2.800 6,250 ^,500 4,330

4.800

1,170

3,150

880

80

1,800

3,970

9,400

4,380

4,410

6,600

CK>

OO

YQ

in Geo. III. 20° Februarii.

Chatham

D

eg'

rH*

n’

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

32 Juno -

28 Mercury

Sloop Fury

Brig Falcon

32 Niger -

Lou'estoffe -

24 Etirydice

Sloop Zebra -

— . Bond t a

44 Adventure -

32 Boston

Ceres -

— Danaii

24 Amphitrite -

20 Narcissus

Fireship Tisiphone

Bomb Terror

74 Audacious -

Theseus

100 Royal George

— Queen Charlotte

90 London

74 Defence

— Vengeance -

— Marlborough

64' Asia -

74 Conqueror -

64 Dictator

24 Pandora

74 Belleropkon-

— Thunderer -

— Terrible

— Zealous

— Alfred

64 Raisonable -

Inflexible

.32. Terpsichore -

Fireship Pluto -

32 Castor

Small Repair Small Repair -Middling Repair Small Repair -For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her

October 1787 - December 1787

April 1787 " ’ September 1787

January 1787 - March 1787 -

April 1787 - - July 1787 -

Masts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores Masts, Yards, Furniture and Stores

Masts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores

Masts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores

Masts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores Masts and Yards -Masts and Yards -Masts and Yards -Masts and Yards -Masts and Yards -Masts and Yards -Furniture and Stores Furniture and Stores Rigging, Blocks, and Boats Masts, Yards, Rigging, Blocks, and Boats

Building -Building -Middling Repair

Middling

and 1

J

1

} 1 J

Between Great Repair Between Small and Middling Repair Between Small and Middling Repair Between Middling and Great Repair -Between Small and Middling Repair Small Repair -Small Repair -For completing her Masts, Yards, Furniture, For completing her Rigging and Blocks For completing her Rigging and Blocks -For completing her Rigging and Blocks For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Sails -

In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand March 1787 July 1787 In Hand -

May 1787

U ncertain Uncertain

Uncertain Uncertain March 1787

July 1787 Uncertain Uncertain May 1787

Uncertain

Uncertain Uncertain and Stores

3,450

3,3^o

2,520

1,780

60

280

120

30

30

70

20

20

20

10

10

15a

17,500

700

6.500

15,350

9,200

6,000

12,500

8,800

4,900

2.500 i,39°

2,070 5,520

2,780 6,140

1,060 3,580

1,090 2,870

1,500 1,560

1,320 1,600

1,260 1,380

1,300 1,330

1,050 1,080

- 70

- 20

- 20

- 20

- lO

- 10

1,370 1,370

420 420

2,810 2,810

2,770 2,920

- 17,500

- 700

3A50 9,650

3,550 18,900

- 9,200

' - 6,000

2,350 14,850

- 8,800

- 4,900

- 2,500

2,690 4,080

1,300 1,300

1,300 1,300

1,300 1,300

8lO 810

1,300 1,300

1,340 i,340

1,220 1,220

390 390

650 1 650

04

VO

o

00

20° Februarii.

Sheerness

c

c

if*-

Portsmouth:

Plymouth

o

o

50 Leopard

— Adamant

44 Ulysses

36 L'Aigle

Sloop Ariel -

— Bulldog

— Drake -

— Thorn -

Cutter Nimble

— Kite -

98 Prince of Wales

100 Britannia

98 Princess Royal

74 Berzi'ick

— Courageux -

— Elizabeth

_ Ganges

— Hector

— Pegase

— Triumph

64 Ardent

— America

— Lion -

36 La Nymp

74 Saturn

44 fVoohcich

36 Sta Margarita

— Romulus

98 Glory -

80 Cesar -

9° Namur

i i

’Mi I '

Building -fBetween Small and Mid-),) dling Repair- - -J Middling Repair -

Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -

Building -fBetween Middling and Great) Z Repair - - -J

fBetween Small and Mid-! Z dling Repair - - - j

fBetween Small and Mid,) dling Repair-fBetween Middling and Great!

t

-j

Repair Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -fBetween Small and Mid-Z dling. Repair -/Between Small and Mid-Z dlinj* Repair Small Repair -/Between Small and' Mid-'

\ dling Repair |/Between Small and Mid,) dling Repair-fBetween Small and Middling Repair-For completing her Masts, Yards, Furniture, For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Sails -

In Hand

July 1787 -

In Hand September 1787 January 1787 March 1787 -July 1787 May 1787 U ncertain Uncertain

In Hand May 1787 -

In Hand

In Hand —

January 1787

June 1787 -

April 1787 -

January 1787

February 1787

-J

July 1787 -

January 1787 In Hand

January 1787

In Hand

Uncertain

Uncertain

March 1787 -Uncertain March 1787 -May 1787 -

September 1787 July 1787 -

Uncertain Uncertain

Uncertain Uncertain

May 1787 -

June 1787 -

August 1787 -

August 1787 -June 1787 April 1787 -

June 1787 -

December 1787 March 1787 -January 1787

June 1787 -

January 1787 and Stores

Building -Building -/Between Small,) dling Repair

and Mid-

In Hand In Hand

In Hand

March 1788 -U ncertain

May 4787 -

2,000

2,800

3.000

2.300 930

U450

1,450

1,230

800

800

3>oooo

16,400

16,500

8.000

22,000

5.000

4.800

5.000

10,800

9,400

4,100

2.800

12.300

1,500

1,900

9>900

6,000

12,000

i,330

1,650

910

1,320

390

39°

1,600

1,900

1,670

620

1,120

600

1,000

650

730

73o

3,500

2.000

2.800

3.000 2,300 2,260

3.100 2,360 2,550

1.190

1.190

3.000 18,000

18,400

8.000

23,670

5.000

4.800

5.000

10,800

9.400

4.100

3,420

13,420

2.100

2,900 650 730 730

13.400

6.000

si

o

M

O

o

VO

12,000

t

80

74

3 2 74

Foudroyant -

Bombay Castle Carnatic Cumberland -Culloden

Egmonl

Powerful Andromeda -Alarm-Siren -Colossus Captain Hannibal

River Thames m - 74 Swiflsure

Orion -

— Captain

Gravesend m - — Colossus

Harwich - - — Excellent

East Cowes - - 64 Veteran

Bursledon m - 32 Blonde

Bucklersiiard 74 Illustrious

44 Sheerness

cr

o

o

n

f Between Middling and Great'),) Repair - - - j January 1787 Uncertain 8,200 8,200

- Very Small Repair - In Hand February 1787 ‘2,850 - 2,850

- Very Small Repair - February 1787 May 1787 4,000 - 4,000

- Middling Repair - In Hand- January 1787 1,000 - 1,000

Very Small Repair - May 1787 September 1787 4,000 . 4,000

- fBetween Small and Mid--) \ dling Repair- - -J Very Small Repair - May 1787 - Uncertain 3,100 3,400 6,500

- September 1787 December 1787 4,000 - 4,000

- Very Small Repair - January 1787 February 1787 1,800 - 1,800

- Very Small Repair - June 1787 August 1787" 3,4oo - 3,400

- Very Small Repair - March 1787 - May 1787 - 2,500 630 3A30

- For providing her Rigging and Blocks - 1,400 1,400

- For providing her Rigging and Blocks - 1,400 1,400

- For providing her Rigging, Blocks, and Boats - 1,530 i,53o

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards ... 362,710 93,530 456,240

US

vC

MERCHANTS YARDS.

- Building - In Hand February 1787 5,9°° 3,610 9,510

- Building - - In Hand June 1787 9,300 3,4io 12,710

- Building - In Hand November 1787 13,450 3,99° 17,440

- Building - In Hand January 1787 6,600 i,340 7,040

- Building - In Hand - June 1787 8,600 1,150 9,750

- Building - In Hand April 1787 - 7,450 370 0 n CO

- Building - In Hand January 1787 2,600 2,600

_ Building - In Hand March 1788 - 10,600 2,550 13,150

- Building - In Hand March 1787 - 4,100 600 4,700

Total Merchants Yards 68,600 17,020 85,620

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards brought forwi m 362,710 93,530 456,240

Grand Total for the Ships 43B3io O C-X C.*\ 0 541,860

On Work

or tl»o

Februarii. 1787.

On Works of the Yards.

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

£ Chatham -to

Sheeuxess -

Portsmouth

Plymouth -

<-n

(jIBRALTAR

Admiralty

Red House

- To building a new Hatchelling House with Cellars ——

To building a new Tarring House ——

To building a new White Yarn House ——

To building a new Black Yarn House ——

Towards building a new Rope House with Cellars ——

To building Two Houses over the South Mast Pond for the better Security of Out-Door Stores - -

To building Two Mast Houses North Side of the South Mast Pond Drain ——

- To making a Tank and Two Cisterns, to receive Rain Water for the Use of the Artificers, and laying down Pipes from the Tanks that already

supply the Garrison ——

Towards building Five new Bays for Boat Houses, Top House, and Blockmaker’s Shop -

I-

2, IOO

940

910

1,350

9-700

1,440

i,5®°

500

1,650

- To complete the new Offices for the Officers ——

To building 150 Feet running of Stone Wharf on the* North Side of the Mast Pond -

To building 100 Feet running of Stone Wharf between the Hulk and South Dock ——

-To building 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf on the North and South Sides of the Boat House Channel -

To complete the North Slip on the new Ground ——

To complete the Joiner's Shop, with a Treenail House and Boatswain’s Cabin under it -

Towards building the House Carpenter’s Shop, with a Capstand House, Blockmaker’s, and Wheelwright’s Shop under it -

- Towards carrying on 70 Feet in Length of Wharf Wall on the East Side of the Mast Pond, with One Wall for forming the Locks for Masts, and

Two Bays of Plank Houses over them; including the Expence of digging the Rock, and Rubble ——

To blowing and levelling the Rock at White House Hill ——

Towards building the Dam, fiers, Drains, Well, and Part of the new Dock; including the Expence of digging the Rock, and Rubble To building the Engine Houses, and Three Penstocks, at the new Dock ——

To repairing the Timber Work, and carrying on the Wharf Wall of the South Middle Jetty Head ——

To completing the Paving of the Boat House Slips with Purbeck Pitchers -

To paving the Mast House Slips with Purbeck Pitchers

Towards building a Wall, and blowing away the Rock, &c. on the East Side of the Mast Pond, to form the Road in Front of the Plank Houses over the Locks ——

To digging away the Rock for building the North East new Rigging House ——

- For reinstating the Buildings, and repairing the Store Houses, Sheds, and other Buildings, destroyed during the Siege -

- Towards erecting and completing a Building adjoining to the Admiralty Office, for the Purpose of procuring proper Accommodation for trans-

acting the Business of the said Office, and for the more convenient Arrangement and Disposal of the Books, Maps, Charts, and Papers, belonging thereto - -

7.300

7,650

6.300 4,100 2,900 5,000

3.300

2,800

800

12,000

400

7,3oo

1,650

3,000

1,180

700

1,040

7,000

-For erecting Coopers Shops, and Store Houses for dry Casks over them, for the Use of the Victualling Office -For erecting Six Dwelling Houses for the Officers belonging to the Victualling Office - -

Total

Grand Total for the -Ships brought forward

V

Grand Total

12,000

4,200

110,710

541,860

652,570

an Gyo.'VXV. Fekruarii.

Hulls

ABSTRACT:

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards -For the Ships in Merchants Yards - -

t

Towards Improvements in the Yards, Admiralty, and Victualling Premisses

fHulls -

[Rigging and Stores -JHulls -

I Rigging and Stores -

\o

Grand Total

362,7101 93,530/ c 456,240

68,6ool 17,02oJ 85,620

110,710

- 652,570

Viz'.

The Sum of Six hundred and Fifty-two thousand Five hundred and Seventy Pounds.

Cha' Middleton. J. Henslow.Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers. Campbell. E. Le. Cras.

n

Mart.

There are several Ships inserted in this Estimate, which, in the last, were estimated to be completed in the Year 1786; button Account of refitting several of the Guardships, and of fitting several Ships for Sea, that have been commissioned in the Course of the Year (neither of which Circumstances could be foreseen) the Times for completing the said Ships are unavoidably extended till the Year 1787. — Money is likewise inserted for completing the Masts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores, of several Ships, for which Money wns granted in the last Estimate; the providing of Stores, &c. for the Ships that have been commissioned and fitted for Sea, and for replenishing the Magazines at the Foreign Ports, having prevented the Stores, &c. for the said Ships being completed.

to

*3

00

ao° Februarii.

27 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

395

Navy Office, "I An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, 29th January 1787'J as it stood on the 31st December 1786.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Extra Repairs, and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c*. supplied for the Service thereof -For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c\ for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1786, as also to several Bills of Exchange To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -For Half Pay to Sea Officers according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf....

Seamen's Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1786 To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course, for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon’s Necessaries, &c\ -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz*.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesties Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1786 - - - - '

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz*.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two Millions Three hundred and Forty-two thousand Three hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence From thence deducting the Money in

the Treasurer’s Hands - - I as on the

And also the Money that remained to [ other Side.

come in of the Supplies The Debt will then be One Million Six hundred and Eight thousand Two hundred and Eight Pounds Six

PARTICULARS.

P>

Shillings

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between the 1st January and 31st December 1786 -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expeucc of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Convicts, between 1st Janr and 31st Dec* 1786, is -

£ d.

690,532 4 io

82,589 15 —

157,937 -

113,233 11

677,300 6 — /

250,192 2 10

15,626 3 8,

30,161 5 4")

250,259 5 6

n,373 19 3 / 2,075 9 7,ioo----

248,232 3 iof|

485,895 9 4lJ

54,463 12 1

12,100 18 3

66,564 10 4

TOTAL.

£ s.

1,044,292 11 4

943,118 12 6

300,969 19 i

53,955 6 4 2,342,336 9 3 734,128 3 3

1,608,208 6 —

Vol. 42.

Mem4"®

Mem'

4%m

— There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1786, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

04

VO

o\

D

cq‘

N

CD

CL

CT

JN WHAT TREASURERS' HANDS. ON THE HEADS OF

IN MONEY. Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. SEAMEN’S WAGES. \ VICTUALS.

Right honourable Wel- Tin Money - - - £ s. d. 5,354 7 1 £. s. d. 7,461 16 9 £. . 3,510 8 9i/

bore Ellis /Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 506 10 8 > 'I

Right honourable Isaac /In Money - -- 3,289 9 10 14,070 4 loi 470 9 8|/

Barre - J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 14 17 9 - - - i

Right honourable Henry /In Money - -- 3,602 11 ni 17,391 16 1 2,550 15 7 1

Dundas (1 st) - /Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - 9 7 1 . j

Right honourable Charles /In Money - - - - 3, M5 2 6i 8,837 18 4i i,35i 7

Tmcnshend /Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - - " - 56 13 1 . j

Right honourable Henry /In Money - - - 7,208 14 6 9,858 18 3 1,970 25/

Dundas (2d) - / Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - 1,508 18 8 - - - j

Right honourable Henry Dundas, 2d Treasurer’s new Account - jin Money - - - 75,475 15 H 66,082 17 3i i3,9i6 9 2i/

j Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - m m 586 11 1 - /

' £ 98,076 1 2i 126,386 9 ioi 23,769 12 8i

TOTAL.

£ S. d.

16,833 3 31

17,845 2 1! O 0

23,554 10 8i <V*

13,391 1 — i i

20,546 14

156,061 12 8

248,232 3 ioi

There remained, on the 31st December 1786, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1786 ---- £. 485,895. 19. 4i

Cha' Middleton. J. Hemloiv, Geo. Marsh. Geo. Rogers. JV. Palmer. E. Le Cras.

OO

27 Geo. III. 200 — ai®

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

Spoflbrth In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable closure Bill Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste commi . Grounds, within the Township of in the

Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. WilberforceySee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

East India The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Judicature Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present

considered. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East

" dia Company, and of the British Possessiorts in India',

" and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the " more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused " of Offences committed in the East Indies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons " accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies', for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better. Regulation ana Management of the Affairs of the East ' " India Company, and of the British Possessions in " India-, and for establishing a Court of Judicature " for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons " accused of Offences committed in the Edst Indies,"

" as requires the Servants of the East India Company " to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects;

". for rendering the Laws shore effectual against Per-"sons unlawfully resorting to the East Indiesand " for the more easy Proof, in certain Cases, of Deeds " and Writings executed in Great Britain or India," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Petitions Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, w?r Fo1^ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Civil and Bengalee- Military Servants of the United Company of Mer-ferred, 4c. chants of England trading to the East Indies, and other the British Inhabitants of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and of the Forts, Factories, and Places subordinate thereto; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, by and on the Behalf of themselves, and as Agents of the Civil and Military Servants of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and other the British Inhabitants of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and of the Forts, Factories, and Places subordinate thereto (which were presented to the House upon the 1st Day of this Instant February) be referred to the Consideration of the said -Committee.

Ordered, That the last mentioned Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of the said Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Charge whole House, to consider further of the several Ar-

Hastin t‘c^es of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors

astin89‘ against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 42.

Februarii. 397

Sir James Erskine took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Erskine. reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21° die Februarii',

Anno 27® Georgii III*" Regis, 1787.

Praters.

S\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Gatton Writ. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for die electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Maurice Lloyd,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Kymston reported from the Committee, to Shrewsbury whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed by Roads Ped* an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth don reported. Y^ar of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury " to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shrey " Hill, in the County of Salop," and also, of several Persons who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, and also, of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Farmers, residing near and frequently Travelling the said Roads, and the several other Roads herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read:

Then an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending an Act of the Sixth of His said Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury, and for other Purposes, was also read; by which it appeared, that an Addition of Twenty-one Years was added to the Term of the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, upon certain Conditions therein mentioned: And

William Smith, Esquire, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in the Execution of the said first-mentioned Act, for which Purpose several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and the Sum of 1.2,900 now remains due, which . 51 cannot

398 ai° Februarii. A, 1787.

cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads compleated and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the stud Act is further continued, and some additional Powers granted.

And the Witness further said, That the several Pieces of Road described in the Petition arff very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of public Utility if the same were repaired and widened, and put under the Care of the sard Trustees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston to , and to

Shrey Hill, in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Roads from Preston Brockhurst aforesaid to the Warren House on Prees Heath', from Newport to Chester; from Sand ford to Crudgington j from High ErcaU, and Crudgington, to Chetwynd; and from Waters

Upton to the Pinfold in Child's Ei-call, in the said County: And that Mr. Kynaston and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and bring in, the same.

ywringiMd, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the &c. inclosure Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Bill pasted. Kessingland and Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, in

the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resoboed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kessingland and Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trecastle A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders Itoad tv of the County of Carmarthen, and also of the several tition. Trustees and Creditors of the several Turnpike Roads in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon, a certain Road leading from the Village of Trecastle, in the County of Brecon, to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, leading to the Village of Talsarn, in the said County of Carmarthen, is the First Road mentioned in the said Act as necessary to be widened and repaired; and that by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of to Taoarn Spite,

in the County of Carmarthen, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads in the said County, the Road leading from the Village of Talsarn, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Borders of the County of Brecon, is the Road lead-- ing to the Village of Trecastle, in the said County of

Brecon, as mentioned and described; and that, in Consequence of the stud Two Acts, the Petitioners were induced to borrow large Sums of Money, for the Purpose of widening and repairing the Road above described, and have, at a very considerable Expence, made, and nearly compleated, the said Road, from the Borders of the County of Brecon, through the Village of Talsarn, to the Town of Llandilo, in the County of Carmarthen, which Road will be altogether useless, and the whole Expence and Trouble the Petitioners have been put to entirely thrown away, unless the Road described in the first-mentioned Act from the Village of Trecastle, in the County of Brecon, to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, on the Roild leading to Talsarn, in the said County, be

amended, widened, and repaired, agreeable to the Intention of the said Act; and representing to the House, That the said last mentioned Road is not only founderous, ruinous, and out of Repair, and left in the Situation it was before the said Act passed, and the Trustees of the said Act have not only neglected and refused to repair the same, but still refuse, and do not mean to do it: And the Petitioners observing Advertisements in the Hereford and Gloucester Journals in the Month of August last, that Application would be made to enlarge the Terms and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon, the Petitioners therefore pray,

That, by a Clause or Clauses in the said intended Act to be inserted, the Trustees of the said Act may be obliged to make, widen, and repair, immediately, the Road leading from Trecastle to the Confines of the County of Brecon, oh the Road leading to Talsarn, to meet the Road which the Petitioners have, in Confidence of their so doing, already made at a very great Expence and Trouble; and further representing to the House, That the Petitioners have not only offered to advance Money upon the Credit of the Tolls described in the said Act, but are now ready and willing to advance what Money shall be necessary for the Purpose of repairing the said Roads, on the Credit of the Tolls, apon the same Terms and Conditions as the Trustees borrow Money for repairing the other Roads in the said intended Act mentioned, or, that the said Road leading from Trecastle, in the County of Brecon, to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, on the Road leading to Talsarn, may be put under the Management of the Trustees appointed by Two Acts, made in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Uydiad y Gxoyn, in the Parish of Llandilo jauir, and from thence along the Post Road by Rhewrhader, through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to Tircarn Spite, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; and also praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Favour of their Petition, before the House, and receive such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Phethe Lord Lis-burne, See.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Medaws reported from the Committee, to whom Gainsbo-the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, rough Bridge Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of p Lincoln, Nottingham, and York, was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, and also, the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read: and is as followed):

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Dyson being examined, said, That the Roads from

t?

tile

ih

in

ad

X

t*

4

.V,

it

tie

'J,

of

0-

27 Geo. III.

210 Februarii.

399

from the Ferry over the River Trent, at the South End be alarmed with a Disparity that mast be fetal to the of the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, Sugar Colonies: That k hath been aitedged, in Sup-to the Towns of East Retford and Gringley on the Hill, port of such Disparity, that the Planter has no Reason in the County of Nottingham, are in a ruinous State, to complain, if, Referenda being had to the Situation narrow and incommodious, and that some Parts thereof lie was in with respect to the Duties that subsisted in are frequently rendered dangerous or impassable by the the Year 1778, when the Duties on Brandy were at Overflowing of the River Trent — That the repairing 7 3d. nearly, and the Duties on Rum at 5 s. id.

and widening of the said old Road, and in some Parts per Gallon neatly, he shall be indulged with a Realtering and diverting the Course thereof, so as to keep duction of 3d. per Gallon; in Answer to which the the same out of die Reach of Roods, will be of great Petitioner begs Leave to observe, that, in the Year public Utility. 1778, the Planters had several Markets for their Rum,

That there is at present no Communication between they had an Army in North America, a great Fleet, the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York, except and a great Demand from the Continent of by Means of Ferries, for nearly the Space of Sixty America to supply, besides the Home Consumption, Miles — That great Numbers of Cattle and Sheep fife- whereas, at this Time, they have only the Demand questly pass those Ferries, the Passage whereof is of 2,089 Puncheons for Norn Scotia, Canada, and sometimes greatly delayed, and even rendered dan- Saint John's, which they are not likely long to enjoy, gerous, by Floods and Frost, by which Means the as they are erecting Distilleries of their own, and a Price of Provisions is liable to be raised in those Share of the Market of the United States, amounting Places which are supplied with Cattle and Sheep from to 4,278 Puncheons, which will probably ere long, the County of Lincoln — That Gainsborough is situated be supplied by the French, when we shall find, that nearly in the Midway of the said Sixty Miles, and is the Island of Jamaica hath nothing left her to depend a most convenient Place for building a Bridge over upon but the Increase of the Home Consumption, the said River — That the present Ferry there is some- which is not likely to be very considerable, when the times dangerous and impassable, and that the building Duties on Wines are reduced in so great a Degree, of a Bridge there will greatly facilitate the Passage of that the Consumption of them must undoubtedly in-Cattle and Sheep, be of essential Service to the North crease, and the Duties on Brandy so low that it can and North East Parts of the County of Lincoln, the be afforded cheaper than Rum, and the Consumption North and North West Parts of the County of Not- increase accordingly, to the manifest Diminution of tingham, and the West Riding of the County of York, the Home Consumption of Rum, and the irreparable and be of public Utility, as thereby, and by Means of Injury of the Sugar Colonies; and the Petitioner the said Roads, a Communication will be opened between further observes, that the Freight of Rum is dearer those Counties and with the great North Road at than that of Brandy, in the Proportion of Ten to Bawtry and Retford. One; that the Insurance is in the Proportion of Eight

Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, to One in Summer, and Sixteen to One in Winter; said, That he had surveyed the Place, and examined the that the Wastage and Leakage during the Voyage River at the present Ferry at Gainsborough, and that a from Jamaica is estimated at 10 per Cent. 0 Rum, Bridge may be constructed there without causing any ma- on Brandy from Dunkirk nothing; that the Loss terial Impediment to the Navigation, or Injury to the upon Bonding, viz. Warehouse Rent, Wastage, and Lands adjoining the River. Leakage, is estimated at 2 per Gallon on Rum,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ir> a Bill on Brandy nothing, as it is neither bonded, ttor for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the even ordered Home till it is wanted, by which the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lin- latter Charges are all completely avoided; that it coin, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in requires but a small Capital to deal in Brandy, and the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Medows the same Capital may be returned many Times id the-and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the Year, whereas the Capital required to deal in Rum same. must be large, as it cannot be returned more than

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for once in the Year, and therefore the Dealer cannot making, maintaining, and repairing a Road from the afford to give so gOod a Price for it, aS he will fe-West End of the Bridge intended to be built at or near quire an Interest in Proportion to his Capital; that, the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in from the various Impediments of the Intercourse be-the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the tween the Island of Jamaica and the United States, County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of every Article of Supply has become more expensive, Saundby, Beckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and Freights have been increased upon many Articles and Clareborough, to East Retford, all situate in the said sent to the Sugar Colonies, and are likely to increase County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the still further; that the middling Class of Peopje have Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Beckingham been long habituated to the laste of French Brandy, and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, and will not readily exchange it for Rum, unless in-and the Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the same duced thereto by its being to be had at a less Ex- — ' " ..... pence; all which Reasons being taken into Conside-

ration, the Petitioner hopes that the House will proportion the Duties in such a Manner as to favour the Competitorship of Rum, by the Adoption of such A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for Regulations as will reduce the comparative Price of Reduction of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; it, and increase the Home Consumption; and the Duties on Setting forth, That the Petitioner flattered himself Petitioner begs Leave further to observe, that if the

that, when the Commercial Treaty was laid before House thinks fit to adopt any Regulations for the the House, the Duties on Wines and Brandy being further Reduction of the Duties on Brandies, with

reduced as therein stipulated, the Duties on Rum a View to, and in such a Degree as to prevent Smug-

would also be reduced in a Degree proportionable to gling, it will be necessary at the same Time to adopt those Reductions; but finding that the Duty on Wines Regulations for the Reduction of the Duties on Rum, is to be reduced from £. 96. 4 s.id. to £.50. 4 s. 11 d.in a greater Proportion than the Reduction on Bran-

per Ton, and the Duty on Brandy from 9$. 6d. to dies, because the Difference of Prime Cost, Freight,

7 s.per Gallon, and the Duty on Rum from 5s. id. Insurances, Wastage, and Leakage, and all the other per Gallon nearly, to 4*. 10 d.only, he cannot but accumulated Disadvantages, will bear more heavy Vol. 42, upon

Gainsborough Bridge Bill ordered.

Gainsborough Hoad Bill ordered.

County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid: And that Mr. Medows and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition for

Hum.

400

2i° Februarii.

A. 1787.

upon Rum than Brandy, "when the comparative Prices Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him of both Commodities are reduced: And therefore to report, when the House will please to receive the praying, That the House will take the Premises into same.

Consideration, and that such Relief may be granted as to Or, That the Report be received Tomorrow the House shall seem meet, and that the Petitioner may Morning, be heard, by his Counsel, in support of the Interest of the Island of Jamaica. A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Keybeny

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth BridgeRo»4

Supply

deferral.

Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted' to His Majesty;

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, and from the said Bridge to the " Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon" was presented to the House, and read; Set-

Ways and

Means

deferred*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to on Malt Bill. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty cer

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to next, resolve itself into the said Committee. put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed

a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the w _ „ Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall . the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred appear to them, to the House: and Eighty Seven; And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Bastard, See.:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Credit. Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Wroth direct, that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Heath Hod Day of March 1787, of the Incomes of the Duties on Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Malt granted for the Year 1785, to satisfy Principal and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-repot Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road Supplies for the Year 1787. leading from the Turnpike Road at Heath,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them,'

:M *.

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

him to report, when the House will please to receive to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House en Land Tax t« resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

' upon the Bill for granting an Aid' to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Thomas Gregory being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which now remains due, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act (which is near expiring) be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, of the Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Year 1785, out of the Supplies granted for the Year Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike

1787.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honyicood,

Lord Frederick Campbell, and the Lord Bayham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Order made charge Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a against Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning,

to "

27 Geo. III.

2i° Februarii.

401

ngs »eech; iblic Ac-wnts to be insidered.

to consider further of the several Articles of Charge, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-.ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

Motion (or an Address on Treaty viih France.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, assuring His Majesty that we have taken into our most serious Consideration the Provisions contained in the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, concluded between His Majesty and the Most Christian King; and that we beg Leave to approach

sincere and grateful Acknowledgments for this additional Proof of His Majesty’s constant Attention to the Welfare and Happiness of His Subjects:

That we shall proceed with all proper Expedition in taking such Steps as may be necessary for giving Effect to a System so well calculated to promote a beneficial Intercourse between Great Britain and France, and to give additional Permanence to the Blessings of Peace:

That it is our firm Persuasion, that we cannot more effectually consult the General Interests of our Country, and the Glory of His Majesty’s Reign, than by concurring in a Measure which tends to the Extension of Trade and the Encouragement of Industry and Manufacture, the genuine Sources of National Wealth, and the surest Foundation of the Prosperity and Happiness of His Majesty’s Dominions.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Captain Berkeley, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. William Wyndham Grenvill Mr. Hawkins Browne,

Mr. Henry Dundas, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord

His Majesty with our sincere and grateful Acknow- Mulgrave, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Rose, the Mar-ledgments for this additional Proof of His Majesty’s quis of Graham, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Steele, Mr. Robert constant Attention to the Welfare and Happiness of Thornton, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, the Earl of Mornington, His Subjects: Mr. Matthew Montagu, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Scott of

That we shall proceed with all proper Expedition Weobley, or any Five of them: And they are to within taking such Steps as may be necessary for giving draw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Effect to a System so well calculated to promote a

beneficial Intercourse between Great Britain and France, and to give additional Permanence to the Blessings of Peace:

That it is our firm Perluasion, that we cannot more effectually consult the General Interests of our Country, and the Glory of His Majesty’s Reign, than by concurring in a Measure which tends to the Extension of Trade and the Encouragement of Industry and Manufacture, the genuine Sources of National Wealth, and the surest Foundation of the Prosperity and Happiness of His Majesty's Dominions.

i.v;

13

x ta

til

«K

Ts

it*

nS

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee ap- Address on pointed to draw up an Address to be presented to Treaty with His Majesty,- That the Committee had drawn up an Fr^e " Address accordingly, which they had directed him to ^eed to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

the.....Commons in this

And the previous Question being proposed, That present Parliament assembled, having taken into our that Question be now put; most serious Consideration the Provisions contained in

A Motion was made, and tire Question being pro- the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, concluded posed, That the House do now adjourn; between Y our Majesty and the Most Christian King,

The House was moved. That the Entries in the beg Leave to approach Your Majesty with our sincere Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of November and grateful Acknowledgments for this additional Proof 1763, of His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this of Your Majesty’s constant Attention to the Welfare House, in relation to the Marriage between the Princess and Happiness of Your Subjects.

Augusta and the Hereditary Prince of Brunmicand We shall proceed with all proper Expedition in Lunenburg; together with the unanimous Resolution taking such Steps as may be necessary for giving

Effect to a System so well calculated to promote a beneficial Intercourse between Great Britain and , and to give additional Permanence to the Blessings of Peace.

It is our firm Persuasion, that we cannot more effectually consult the general Interests of our Country, and of the House for an Address to His Majesty thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the previous Question being put. That the said the Glory of Your Majesty's Reign, than by concurring

\H

vi

proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

(Mr. Rose, I

Tellers for the Yeas,< Mr. Michael Angelo V 236.

V Taylor: j

V'6-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, assuring His Majesty that we have taken into our most serious Consideration the Provisions contained in the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, concluded between His Majesty and the Most Christian King; and that we beg Leave to approach His Majesty with our You 44.

m a Measure which tends to the Extension of Trade and the Encouragement of Industry and Manufacture, the genuine Sources of National Wealth, and the surest Foundation of the Prosperity and Happiness of Your Majesty’s Dominions.

The said Address being read a Second Time,

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words "We shall proceed " with all proper Expedition in taking such Steps as M may be necessary for giving Effect to a System so well calculated to promote a beneficial Intercourse between 1 Great Britain and France, and to give additional ‘ Permanence to the Blessings of Peace."

And the Question being put, that the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Address;

K It

403 3i° — 33° A. 1787.

It was resolved in the Affirmative. A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Birmingiwi

Then the said Address was, upon the Question put putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, made thereupon, agreed to by the House. in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty Uon

To be com* Ordered, That the said Address, together with the King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the municated to Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, and the Lords. from Committee of the whole House, to whom it the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

was referred to consider of so much of His Majesty’s jesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, Birmingham, through the Town of W, to & upon the Twenty-third Day of January last, as relates Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and

to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoin-

His Majesty and the Most Christian King, and were ing to the Township of , and from Great Bridget

then agreed to by the House, be communicated to through to Kingswinford, and to the further

the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence End of Lane, in the Counties of

desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upoo a Matter highly important to the Manufactures and Commercial Interests of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

SirE.Impey, Ordered', That Sir Elijah Impey do, upon Frida/

Co to ^orn*8 next, attend the Committee of the whole onmu ' House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That the said Sir Elijah Impey and Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do bring with them, upon Friday next, all the Correspondence in their Possession relating to the Affairs of Furruckabad

Paper rela- Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the tive to Nabob Paper, containing Proceedings and Correspondence refold tofo# *" iaHve to Muzuffer Jung, Nabob of Furruckabad, which printed. was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of , in the last Session of Parliament, by Mr. Morion (from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ure of the Members of the House.

And then the House, having continued to sit dll after Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till To*morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° Februarii;

Anno 27* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1787.

Pkayers.

The Lord# A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Eames have agreed JLjl and Mr. Montagu: to Mr. Speaker,

Bill__unlaw- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

ful Lotteries. Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being

for suppressing unlawful Lotteries; without any Amendment: And also.

Marine Mu- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An tiny Bill. Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

NewS.Wales ' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Judicature Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of

Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of South Wales, and the Parts adjacent; without any Amendment: And also,

Wacker- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An banh’i Nat. Act for naturalizing George Wackerbarth; without any Bxl1- Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the said Road from Birmingham to the High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and to the End of Gibbet Lane, and to a certain Place called The Neither Trindle, near Dudley aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have caused the said last mentioned Roads to be made, opened, and repaired, and for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further continued, altered, and enlarged; and that it would be of great public Utility if the said Road, leading from Bii'mingham to the High Bullen, was extended from the said High Bullen, along a certain Road or Lane in Wednesbury, called Trouse Lane, and from thence in a direct Line to Darlaston, in the said County of Stafford, through and over a Close of Land belonging to Edward Harford, and other Lands in and near to Monway and Kingshi/l Fields, in the Parish of Wednesbury aforesaid, there to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Bilston to Walsall, in the County of Stafford: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers, of the said Acts, and for making and extending the said Road from the High Bullen to Darlaston aforesaid, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Gilbert,:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Morgan reported from the Committee, to BreconR-ad* whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and pctUl0I‘ others, Trustees appointed by, or in pursuance of, an re*’or e Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing of several Roads in the County of Brecon, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and also with respect to all the other Roads mentioned in the Petition (except the Road leading from the Hay Turnpike Road near Pont y Bat, by Tregunter, to join the Road leading from Trevecka, towards Talgarth, through the several Parishes of -devalley, Ltanvillo, and Talgarth, which is of the Length of Two Miles and a Quarter; and also except the Road leading from the Hay Turnpike Road, by the Tilly Llanthomas, Tregoid, Velindre, and to

join the Turnpike Road leading from Talgarth towards The Three Cocks, which is of the Length of Five 6 Miles

27 Geo. III. 230 Februarii. 403

Miles and an Half; and whi^fa Roads are proposed Ferry over the River Trent, from in the

to be put under the Direction of the said Trustees, County of to the opposite Shore, in the Parish

without any Tolls being collected thereupon, but the of in the County of Nottingham; And the same was not so determined on until it was too late to same was received; and read the First Time, give the Notices required by the said Orders); and that Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Petition, and had directed him to report the same. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mutiny

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and for the better Payment of the Army and their and is as followeth; viz. Quarters;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday said Act was read: And Morning next, resolve itself into the said Coni'1

Mr. Hugh Bold being examined, said, That the mittee.

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £.10,000 upon A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Beverley the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, ?oad Peti-the Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor the said passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Money be repaid, unless the Term granted by the Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof " for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, altered and enlarged. — And the Witness further said, " by to Kendell , and from Molscroft

that, he knows the Roads mentioned and described in " to Bainton Balk, in the County of York," was pre-the Petition, and that the same are greatly out of senled to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Repair, and cannot be properly repaired and amended considerable Progress hath been made in amending the by the present Methods provided by Law. Roads comprised in the said Act, in doing which the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended; and in the Seventh Y'ear of the Reign of His present Ma- that the Money borrowed still remains due, and the jesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for said Roads cannot be completely widened and kept repairing and widening several Roads in the County in Repair, and the Debt be paid off, unless the Term of Brecon ,"and for amending certain other Roads and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therein the said County: And that Ms. John Morgan and fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Sir Charles Gould do prepare, and bring in, the Bill for that Purpose.

same. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-GnJTtKat A Petition of Daniel Graff", was presented to the mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Paiikm. House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given shall appear to them, to the House:

to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, combe, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Mom-according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that fog next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Sir Joseph Maxcbey and Mr. Medley do prepare, and Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, bring in, the same. Papers, and Records.

Com Begu*

Nation Bill presented.

1*

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned ;" and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac- Petition* turers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, in the

Gun&bo-rougti Road Bill presented.

Mr. Medows presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, maintaining, and repairing a Road from the West End of the Bridge intended to be built at or near’ the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of Saundby, Beckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and to

East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, and the Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the same County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Town of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, within the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others the Traders, Manufacturers, and others, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, &c. &c.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin; and praying, That the House will take the Circumstances of their Petitions into Consideration, and provide such Remedies for the Relief of the Petitioners, and the Benefit of the Public, as shall be thought most adviseable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Counterfeit

Coin.

Gian&bo-

BiW piv tented.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Hurst Green enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Road ®lU Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- CWMmWe pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road Mr. Medows presented to the House, according to leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in Order, a Bin for bunding a Bridge at or near the the County of Sussex, through and Burwask,

V 0 l. 44. to

4°4

230 Februarii. A. 1787.

to the Extent of the said Parish of Burumh, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cambridge A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Trades-Small Debts men in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cam-Petition. bridge, and also of the principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen in the Hundreds of Chesterton, Fiendish, Staine, Northstow, South or Longstaw, Papworth, We-therley, Armingford, Chilford,

Staplaw, Cheveli/, and in the said County, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several extensive Branches of Trade and Business are carried on in the said Town and Hundreds, and many Persons within the said Town and Hundreds contract Small Debts, and, although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on Account of the great Expence and Delays which attend the same; and that an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Town and Hundreds will tend greatly to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Town of Cambridge, and Hundreds aforesaid, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Yorke, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the (’lock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and , Records.

Walsall A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

Road Peti- are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for execut- tioa. ing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Muckley Comer to and and to

" Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads " in the County of S;" and of several of the Persons who have lent Money on the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That some Progress hath been made in amending the Roads in the Two First Districts comprized in the said Act, in doing which the Tolls aris-. ing within the same, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; and that the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads within the said Two Districts be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relate to those Districts, are continued, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papefs, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Utl0„t(,r are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, Hoad peti* passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present tion. Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from High,

" in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from " Spat It to Hanging Bridge, and from Lane to

" Yoxall Bridge, in the said County," was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made m amending the Two Districts of Road comprized in the said Act, in doing which a large Debt hath been contracted; and that the Money borrowed still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads comprized in the said Two Districts be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relate to those Districts, are continued, altered, enlarged, and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbei-t, Mr. Jervoise, c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Assent Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed' upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to'hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore mentioned, had been, at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several public Bills and One private Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Cantei'bury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Osborne, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as follow eth; viz.

An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent.

An Act for naturalizing George Wackerbarth.

A Petition of the unfortunate Citizens of London, Ludgate confined for Debt in the City Prison of Ludgate, was Debtors represented to the House, and read; Complaining of tltl0u‘ their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,-

A Petition of John Monday and John Shean, of Portsmouth Portsmouth Common, in the County of Hants, Builders, Chapel P*ti-

2j Ge6. III.

2$° — 26° Februarii

40S

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House ad-Ilouse this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. ^Mon4»y°

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Paper rela-Extract of such Parts of the Proceedings of the Go- ting 10 Mr. vernor General and Council of Fort William, relative shee ordered* to the Grant of a Pension or Allowance to Mr. George Shee, after his Recall from his Station at Furruckabad, and also relative to his subsequent Appointment td

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Trade and Commerce of Portsmouth having of late Years been greatly extended, the Buildings and Inhabitants within that Part of the Parish of Fortsea next adjoining to the Town of Portsmouth, and culled Portsmouth Common, have increased very considerably; and that the said Place, called Ports' mouth Common, is situated about a Mile distant from the Parish Church of Portsea, and about Thirty-

three Years ago a Chapel was built by Subscription the Office ot Judge of the Adawlet, at Dacca on the said Common; and that the said Parish Church and Chapel are not now large enough to accommodate The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee with Seats above Half the Number of Persons who a Committee of the whole House, to consider further on would attend Divine Service; and the Petitioners of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Stings. *" apprehend it would be a great Benefit to the Inha- Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late bitants of the said Part of the Parish of Portsea, called Governor General of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis reported from the Committee, Tfiat they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a

Portsmouth Common, if another Chapel was built in a convenient Part in or near Portsmouth Common, for the celebrating of Divine Service according to the Rites of the Church of England; and that the Petitioners are seised in Fee Simple of a Piece of Land on Ports

mouth Common aforesaid, whereon they propose to erect further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and

_ m----1 -- -» ’ --- --- - -- ' that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Chapel, and compleat and finish the same m a proper, decent, and commodious Manner, fit for the performing of Divine Service therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to inclose and allot the Piece of Ground above-mentioned for the Scite of the said Chapel, and also to build and complete the said Chape), with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of all Malt exported from Maltexport-

C 1770 to Christmas 1786, distinguishing the <*» ordered. Quantity of each Year, and the Ports from which and to which such Malt was exported; also the Quantity of pursuant to the Prayer of the send Petition: And that Malt exported from Midsummer 1786 to the 20th Day '

Captain Cornwallis and Sir Hairy Feat herstonhaughdo of tills Instant February. prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according td Wrotham taper rela- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of gyf* *»*" Extracts from the Bengal Persian Correspondence of the the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, sented. d«ed.a Years 1781 and 1782, relative to Furruckabad.

Presented.

widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey: And the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented the same was received; and read the First Time, to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extracts from the Bengal Persian Correspondence of the Years 1781 and 1782, relative to Fuiruckabad.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That I.eave be given to bring in a Bill to EccksiasU-prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts: And that Mr. Bastard, Sir William Moles-

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, worth, and Sir WiUxam Lemon, do prepare, and bring

to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

in, the same.

agree to Conference.

Mmgjen

appointed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferrei whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

____ __________ j___________ _ r___ _ R, That this House will, upon Monday Ways and

House, That he had, according to Order, been with Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the the Lords, to desire a Conference; and that the Lords whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means e

do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same pre- for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, sently, in the Painted Chamber.

The Loris Mr. Wiliam Wyndham GremUle reported to the

Conscience

repotted.

V

V

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to draw up an Address to b£ presented to His Majesty* do manage the said Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; -and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. WilUarn Wyndham Grenville reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed on the Part of the Lords by the Lord President of the Council: And that the Managers had communicated to the Lords the Address to His Majesty, and the Resolutions agreed upon by this House, and had desired their Lordships Concurrence thereto, and had left Copies of the same with the Lords.

Vol. 42,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 26* die Februarii;

Anno 27* Georgia III® Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

Mitfard, from the Select Committee who Carlisle were appointed to try and determine the Merits Election ie-of the Petition of Rotvland Stephenson, Esquire; and tennme ’

5 L also,

MR-

LvA v

4o6 2 6° Februarii.A. 1787.

also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens

no #

to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Eduard Knubley, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Rowland Stephenson, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Carlisle:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Rowland Stephenson, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Carlisle.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and amend the same, by rasing but the Name of Edward Knubley, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Rowland Stephenson, Esquire, instead thereof.

Dumfries A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, Two Pennies Treasurer, and Common Council of the Borough of ScotsPetition. Dumfries, for themselves, and as representing the Community of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing and rendering more " effectual an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Third " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots,

" or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling on every " Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold " within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges " thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town,

" and for building a Church, and making a Harbour " there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of " Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported arid u exported into and out of the Port of the said Town,

" for tire better repairing of the said Harbourand Setting forth, That the Yearly Amount of the said Duty upon Ale, Beer, and Porter, has considerably diminished for some Years past, and, though managed with the greatest Frugality, has been found inadequate to pay off the Debts for which it was granted, and although the Duties arising from Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes imported and exported from the said Port of Dumfries, and the Duties upon Tonnage granted to the said Town by the Act of the Tenth of George the Second, and continued by the Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, have been solely applied for the Purposes of improving the said Harbour, and the Navigation of the River, and for preserving and maintaining the same, the said Duties have been insufficient for discharging the Debt incurred by the Town in making such Improvements and Repairs, and which must continue to be incurred in the Preservation thereof, and making other Improvements still necessary; and that by sundry useful and necessary Improvements in the public Schools of the said Town, and in building a new English School House, and purchasing Property for, and making sundry new Streets, and in building a new Flesh Market and Slaughtering Houses, and in purchasing Ground

for a House of Correction, and other public Works, the Debts of the said Town are considerably increased, and which the present Revenues of the Town are not sufficient to discharge: and that the Streets of the said Town arc ill paved, cleansed, and not sufficiently lighted, nor a proper M atch kept for preventing Disorders in the Night Time, and the Streets in some Places want widening for the more easy Passage of Carriages, and are often incumbered with Nuisances, which ought to be removed and prevented, but tha paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets, and removing and preventing Nuisances, and keeping Watchmen in the Town, will be attended with considerable Expence, which the ordinary Revenue of the Town cannot defray: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, for such further Period as to the House shall, seem proper, the Duty on Ale, Beer, and Porter, and the Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and also the Duty on Tonnage granted by the Acts before-recited, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, and widening the same where necessary, and keeping Watchmen in the Town; and for levying such a Tax upon the Inhabitants of the Town, by such Ways and Means as may be judged by the House to be reasonable and necessary for these Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it. shall appear to them, to the House:

Ancl it is referred to Sir James Johnstone, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Scc.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, ,at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bramstonreported from the Committee, to HarW

whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Tenth Year rePwrtt^ of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Mojcsty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Ilarlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and widening the Road from Eppingthrough the Parishes of -weald Bassett, Bobbingworth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, and Shelley, to The Tour Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence, through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandevilto the Parish of Writtle, in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,’One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.;

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in Gaol, Debtors Penas presented to the House, and read; Complaining tiUon* of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the.

Table.;

A Petition of the Shopkeepers and Retail Traders Exeter Peti-of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read: Complaining of an Act, passed in the b of Twenty-frfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for 7 granting

27 Geo.

2 6° Februarii.

4° 7

granting certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain: And pnwing, That the said Act may be repealed, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Campers A Petition of Peter Ever hay'd Camper, was presented tetL}>cticjoD* to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Charles Robinscn and Mr. Penruddocke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Pueklc- Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to

rJmrch Road whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads i reported. ]eacfjn<y from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Paper relate Directors of the East India Company, attended at the to Mr. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to ^hee Prc* the House, pursuant to their Order, Mnte

Copy of Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Fort William, relative to the Grant of a Pension or Allowance to Mr. George Shoe, after his Recall from his Station at Furruckabad, and also relative to his subsequent Appointment to the Office of Judge of the Aduu'lct, at Dacca.

And then he w ithdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Oi'dered, That the Report from the Committee of the Malt Bill of Puddechurch and Alangotsfield\ to Christian Maljord whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and grant- reported. By 'itlge, and from Pucklcchurch aforesaid to certaining to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum,.

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was com-

C'oal Mines in the said Parish, and from the Turnpike Koatl at Pucklechurchaforesaid to the Turnpike

Road at IVick, in the Counties of Gloucester and was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout:

O'

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingcossed.

mitted, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with 4he Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed , to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Graff’s Nat. Bill presented

British Fish-fries Bill presented.

Ordered, That the Report frorh the Committee of the Land Tax Sir Joseph Mawbcif presented to the House, according whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to Bill reported, to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Daniel Graf: And the His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great same was received; and read the First lime. Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Archibald Edmonslone presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s lleign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British FisheriesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bally Hoad Btiition.

Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Ma- House.

an

jesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending the " Road from the Pinfold in in the County of

" York, to JVorimp, hi. the County of Nottingham," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Truro Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ.for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby for the Borough of Truro, in the Courity of Cornwall, in

granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road completed and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some further Amendments made thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

the room of William Ma Carmick, Escjuire, who, since

his Election for the said Borough, hath' accepted the Office of Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Cape Breton, in America.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names'are Uttoxeter thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves arid Inclosure others, Owners of Estates within the Township or i>etllion* Constable wick t>{ Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, and the Constablewick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter aforesaid, having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds herein after mentioned, was

And it is reierred to Mr. Galley Knight, Mr. Brawl- presented to the ’House, and read; Setting forth, ston, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- That there are, within the said Township and Coa-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; -stablewicks, Two Commons, called The Highuood arid and have Power to se«T for 1 Persons, Papers, and The Heath, containing, by Estimation, 250 Acres, or Records. thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and others have

Vol.42. Right

40 8 ‘ Februarii, A. \n%n.

Right of Common for their Cattle at all Times of the 1 ear, but the said Commons being greatly encroached upon, and in other Respects inconveniently circumstanced, the same, in their present Situation, are of very inconsiderable Vjlue to the Persons interested therein; and that the said Commons are capable of great Improvement, and, if the same were inclosed, and leased out for Terms of Years, or let, and the Rents and Profits arising therefrom applied in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other public Expences, within the said Township and Constablewicks, it would be of great Advantage to the Owners of Estates therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and leasing out, or letting, the said Commons, and applying the Rents and Profits to arise from the same in Aid of the Poors Rates, and other public Expences of the said Township and Constablewicks, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edward Littleton, and Sir John,

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Hanley A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of

Petition. Hanley and Shelton, within the Parish of Stoke upon

Trent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Chapel of Hanley aforesaid being gone greatly to Decay, and become so ruinous that the Inhabitants cannot, without Danger, attend Divine Service therein, and being likewise much too small to contain the great Number of Persons who of late Years have resorted thereto, owing to the Increase of Inhabitants within the said Chapelry and its Neighbourhood, which is situated in the Midst of the Staffordshire Potteries, and many Doubts and Disputes having arisen, to whom the Right of Nomination or Presentation of a Minister or Ministers, Curate or Curates, to the said Chapel, doth belong, the Petitioners and others are desirous that a new Chapel,

' on a larger Plan, should be erected in a more commodious Situation within the said Chapelry, and a more extensive Burial Ground be provided for the Interment of the Dead, and also, that the Right of Presentation or Nomination of a Minister or Ministers, Curate or Curates, to the said Chapel, should be vested in Trustees, to be appointed for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Orders, and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edward Littleton, Sir John Wrottesley, and Mr. Sneyd, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, ugaiiistCoun- of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to urf«it Coin, ^e House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying the House to ’ take the Premises into Consideration, and to afford such Relief as the Nature of the Case requires, and to the ‘ House seems meet.

Ordered, That the stud Petition do lie upon the Table.

Papers relat- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the ing to Amen- Number of American Loyalists who receive Annual ca^Loywliats, Allowances for Services performed, although they have v ' lost no Property, and the Amount of the Annual Allowances paid to them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the ' Number of Persons who receive Annual Allowances in Consequence of the Loss of their Professions and

Offices in America ', distinguishing the total Amount of the Annual Allowances paid to them for the Loss of their Professions and Offices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Number of Persons who have lost Property in America, and receive Allowances; with the Total Amount of the Annual Allowances paid to them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Number of Persons who have Claims for Loss of Property in America, but receive no Allowances or other Support from Government on that Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid to the American loyalists, in Consequence of the Grants oij. 150,000 and 178,500,

made by Parliament in the Two last Sessions for the Relief of the said American Loyalists; distinguishing the Total Amount paid to those who have received Forty per Cent, and the Total Amount paid to those who have received Thirty per Cent, on their liquidated Losses.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do, Mr. Middle. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the tontoattad whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, and that he do bring with him all his Letter-Books, and other Correspondence in his Possession, relative to the public Affairs of the Province of Oude, and its Dependencies.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Commute* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, simplify-to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty’s jpg PulJ‘ Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, lc ceoan upon the 23d Day of January last, a»relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue;

Ordered, That the Resolutions which, upon this Day Sevennight, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to the Treaty of Navi-

fition and Commerce between His Majesty and the lost Christian King, and were then agreed to by the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Thirteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was presented to the House upon the 21st Day of Mar, 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the several Acts of Parliament made for establishing Annuities on Lives, payable at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them refereed; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved,

7 Geo. III.

26° — 270

4°9

ply deed.

.ys and ans de-red.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Carlisle

Return

amended.

Pucklechurch Road Bill pasted.

Mart is, 27° die Februarii;

Anno 27* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1787. Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland.

be built at or near the Ferry over the River from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the

Parish of Saundby, in the County of , through

the several Parishes of Saundby, Beckinghatn, Bole,

North Wheatley, Hayton, and Clareborough, to East

ford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, and the Parish of Gringley

on the Hill, in the same County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Me-daws. Lord Edward Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom Cambridge the Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Trades- Small Debts men in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of n re* Cambridge, and also of the principal Inhabitants and " Tradesmen in the Hundreds of Chesterton, Fiendish,

Northstmc, South or Longstaw, IVe-

therley, Armingford, Triplow, Chilford,

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Staplaw, Chevely, and in the said County, was

Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat-Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, to Christian ter of the said Petition; and had directed him td report Maiford Bridge; and from Pucklechurch aforesaid to the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and certain Coal Mines in the said Parish; and from the he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-

Turnpike Road at Pucklechurch aforesaid to the Bristol Turnpike Road at Wick, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and- Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Maiford Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish.

livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Gillam being examined, said, That many extensive Branches of Trade are carried on in the said Town and Hundreds, and many Persons contract Small Debts, who, although well able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under from proceeding^ for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on Account of

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry the Bill to the great Expence and Delays which attend the same —

Malt BUI passed#

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand

That a more easy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Town and Hundreds will tend to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brirui in a Bill

Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read the Third for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts Time. within the Town of Cambridge, and the Hundreds of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Chesterton, Fiendish, Stable, , South or

be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Ma- stow, , Armingford, Triplow, Whit-

jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and tlesford, Chi ford, Staplow, and Radfield, in the

Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand County jof Cambridge: And that Mr. Yorke and Sir

Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Henry Peyton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Land Tax Ml passed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Ma-

A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Wrotham Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, wi- Heath ltoad dening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading Bill Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for from the Turnpike lload at Heath, in the

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred County of to the Turnpike lload leading from and Eighty-seven, was read the Third Time. Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was read

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title a Second Time, be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Afar-l^and Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- sham, Mr. Honyxcood, &c.: And they are to meet this vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Eighty-seven. Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Kipping

into Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed Cro£S A Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- *>eulioD* ~ ’ ~ jesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, enlarging,

" and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act,

" made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Hoads leading from to

" gate and Tonbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent; and also for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the

M " said

Gaiusbo-

rough Bridge over the River Trent, from , in the County

rrittei0" of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Me-detws, Lord Edward Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

<C

ft

u

c<

Gaiotho- A Bill for making,

maintaining,

and repairing, t a

U

Tmgfa Road Roa(j from the West End of the Bridge intended to Bill com* Vol 42

milled. VOL’

5

Campers

Nat. bill presented.

Petitions

against

Counterfeit

Coin.

Committee on Charge against Mr. Hastings.

410 27* —

" said County, tod to Fliimcell Pent, in the County " of Sussex, as relates to the amending, repairing, and " keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from " ping's Cross aforesaid to Lambcrhurst Pound, Pullens 11 Hill, and Elimcell Pent aforesaid;*' and also of several

Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the said Counties of Kent and Sussex, wds presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and hare borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, the greatest Fart of which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted; and that the Highway leading from the Turnpike Gate at Lambcrhurst Pound aforesaid, through a Lane called East Lane, lying in the several Parishes of Lambcrhurst and Horsemonden, in the County of Kent, by a certain Mill called Hope Mill, in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the said County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road near the Turnpike Gate at the Bottom of Clayhill, in the Parish of Goudhurst aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Highway hereinbefore described, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at inline of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Robinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter hard Campci': And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of the Borough of Leicester, See. &c.: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others. Inhabitants of Liverpool;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying the House to take the Circumstances of their Petitions into Consideration, and afford such Remedies for the Relief of the Petitioners and the Public, as shall be thought most adviseable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a further *

Februarii. 1787.

Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Commits whole House, to consider of an Act made in the Twen- on &=tindu ty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, j^rature intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and c s‘

" Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, and for " establishing a Court of Judicature for the more " speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of " Offences committed in the East and also,

of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies; for repealing so much of " an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation and Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court " of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual " Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies," as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their " Estate and Effects; for rendering the Laws more " effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to the " East Indies; and for the more easy Proof, in certain '* Cases, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28" die Februarii;

Anno 27* Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

P BAYERS.

"DANIEL Graff'and Peter Evei'hard Camper took Graff, &e. "* the Oaths appointed, in Order to their Naturali- sworn‘ zation.

A Petition of Jane Pyle, Widow, and Nicholas Pyle, Ueadbourne on Behalf of themselves and others the Owners and Pro- Wortky b-prietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, lying ^j"uflrt within the Parish of Headbourne Wortley, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, and certain Parcels of Common Down and Waste Land; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are capable only of small Improvement; but if the said Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs or Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be of great Benefit to the Parties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bili, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thistlethwayte and Mr. Jervoise do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition

27 Geo. III.

28° Februarii.

4U

Burford Roads Petition.

Commit^* °« Mutifny Bill

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in and the Liberties thereof and also several Streets, and Execution a certain Act of Parliament, made in the other Places, near or adjoining to the said City, and for Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repair- Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed; " ing and widening the Road from The Hand and Post That the Committee had examined the Allegations of " at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Glou- the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the " eester, to Slow on the IVold, and from thence to Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several " Halford Bridge, in the County of Waru'ic/c, and also Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him " the Road from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill to to report to the House; and be read the Report in his " The Hand and Post in the Parish of Dawdesu'dl, in Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the " the County of Gloucesterwas presented to the Amendments, ip at the Clerks Table: Where the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Credit of the Tolls authorized to he collected upon several Parts of the said Roads, the Whole of which still remains due; and that the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, together with the Money borrowed, have been applied towards the Repairs thereof, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the same cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless an additional Term and further Powers are granted to the Trustees for those Purposes; and that a certain Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act, between

Ordered, ingrossed.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Goring Into whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Commons, rePorted-Linchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground, intermixed with, or adjoining to, the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found

IJatfn'd Bridge and Paddle Brook, being about Four that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Miles in Length, was, by an Act made in the Twentieth 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, complied with ;and that the Committee had examined " An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be " Warwick to Paddle Brook, and horn Warxcick to true; and that the Parties concerned had given their " Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee " and Worcester, and for repealing the Laws in Force (except the Owner of Six Acres, who could not be met " relating to the said Roads/’ included in, and made with; and that the Whole of the Lands and Grounds a Part of, the Roads directed to be repaired by that intended to be inclosed amounts to 870 Acres and up-Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given wards; and that no Person appeared before the Com-to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had of the said first-recited Act, for repairing all the said gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the JJHl, with die Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Canterbury Paving Bill spotted.

Roads therein mentioned, except such Part thereof which lies between Halford Bridge and Paddle Brook as aforesaid, and for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid by such Ways, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the.House:

And it is referred to Mr. Freeman, Sir John Rushout,

Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, who were Militia Esti-Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the mate re-Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Pay and Clgathing of the Militia, for the Year 1787; ported.

That the Committee fiad prepared an Estimate aoeord- Mr. Charles Robinson reported from the Committee, ingly, which they had directed him to report to the to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, same was read, and is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of foe Militia, for the Year 1787.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men Cloathing for D°

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants Cloathing for D* - -

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers -Cloathing for D° - - r

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals -

D°----- D° - - 66 Adjutants

28 Days Pay to the several Officers - *

r £8,784

- 30,840

¥ 1 78,781

- 3,598

4,690

I. ,1,023

1 12,527

7^95

" 8,7,00

116,137

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bid for Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee,

Vjoa.. 42. Mr.

412

8° Februarii. — 1° Martiu

A. 1787,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 1° die;

Anno 27° Georgii III'" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

Bristol A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty,

Church P«ti- of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was tion- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That A PETITION of the several Persons whose Names Glouceittr the Parish of Saint James, partly in the City of Bristol, jl\. are thereunto subscribed. Trustees appointed Road* p*ti* and partly in the County of Gloucester, within the in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in "on. Diocese of Bristol, is very large and populous, and the the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Church belonging to the said Parish, which stands in intituled, "An Act for continuing and amending an

the City of Bristol, is very inconveniently situated with " *- — c:- — ‘L v---------- c

respect to great Part of the Parish, and not near large enough to contain all the Inhabitants; and that it is proposed to erect a new Church upon some other Part of the said Parish, and the Inhabitants thereof have

" Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s " Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of " Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the " Foot of the said Hill to the Top of and of Samuel Commeline, of the City of Gloucester,

signified their Desire of having the said Parish divided, Esquire, Mortgagee of the Tolls arising from the said and One Part of it formed into a separate and inde- Turnpike Roads, was presented to the House, and pendent Parish, with a Parish Church, and Cemetery, read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded or Church Yard, and a proper Endowment for the to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed Maintenance of a resident Minister, provided an Act of the Sum of £. 2,300 of the said Samuel Commeline, Parliament can be obtained, to empower them to raise upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money to carry the above Purposes into Execution, still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is and the Petitioners, as Patrons of the said Church, are near expiring, and the said Sum of £. 2,300 cannot be ready to be Contributors to the said Undertaking: paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some Alterations

bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

and Amendments made therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for con-

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- shall think proper.

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House

tinuing

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brickdale, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition in A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are favour of D*. thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, in the City and Diocese of Bristol, as also Inhabitants of that Part of the said Parish which is

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Webb, Sir Charles Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, being Vestrymen st.Georp, situate in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within Uanuvtr House, and read; taking Notice of the last preceding the Liberty of the City of Westminster, and the humble Square. Petition: and praying. That an Act may be passed for Petition of several other Vestrymen of the said Parish, the above Purpose, in such Manner, and under such assembled in Vestry, was presented to the House, and

Debtors Petitions.

Supply deferred.

Ways and

Means deferred.

Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in Bristol Gaol:

And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Ivelchester Gaol, in the County of Somerset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read; Leave may be given to bring in a

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- establish the said Purchase, and to authorize the fitting ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole up, and making use of, the said House as a Workhouse House, to consider further of the Supply granted to for the said Parish, in such Manner as the House shall His Majesty. think proper.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jervoise, Sir George And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock. Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber;

read: Setting forth, That the present Workhouse within the said Parish having been found too small, and, in many other Respects, improper for receiving, keeping, and lodging all the Poor of the said Parish, and as no proper Place could be purchased or hired within the said Parish, to be used as an additional W'orkhouse, a proper and commodious House, in Little Chelsea, hath been purchased and fitted up for that Purpose; and that, as the said House is not situate within the said Parish of Saint George, Hancrocr Square, Doubts have arisen touching the Power of purchasing and using the said House as an additional Workhouse for the said Parish: But, as such Purchase is manifestly for the Benefit of the said Parish, therefore praying, That

Bill to confirm and

Canterbury

Paving Bill passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Cracoe Inclosure Bill.

Bedel’s Nat. Bill.

Berwick iload Petition.

27 Geo. III. 1

4i3

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets, and other Places, near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 70. 1. 35. After " Window" to insert " now " standing."

Pr. 73. 1. 3. After " Boards" to insert " now " standing."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Sheets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets, and other Places, near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. "iValker: ° *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Cracoe, in the Parish of Bumsall, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Solomon Dedelwithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Heritors of the County of Berwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the great Post Road between London and Edinburgh, leading from the Extremity of the Liberties of the Borough of Berzoick upon Tweed, by Ayton Bridge, and the new Bridge, over the Pees or Pass of Cock-burnspath, to Dunglas Bridge, on the Coniines of East Lothian, and also the Branches leading from Causeway and Preston Bridge to join the said Post Road at or near Cockburnspalh Tower, are, in many

Places, so deep and ruinous that Travellers cannot pass without great Inconvenience, and are in Danger of becoming altogether impassable; and that the Aids which already have been obtained from the public Bounty, and from private Contributions, have been found insufficient for the Purpose of making the said Road, and the same cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Funds arising from the Laws now in Force, that Part of the Country being but thinly inhabited: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses on the said Road, and levying Tolls thereat, in order to establish a Fund to maintain and keep in Repair the said Road, and Bridges built and to be built thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vo l. 42.

And it is referred to Mr. Home, the Lord Maitland,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John -Morgan presented to the Hou£e, according Brecon

to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads Bill of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Presented-His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Breconand for amending certain other Roads in the said County: And the same wa.4 received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons thereunto subj Lauder Road scribing, Owners of Lands adjoining or near to the Petition. Road under-mentionfed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Road from the Burgh of " Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through " Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn," certain Persons therein named were appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, altering, amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, with Power to levy the Tolls and Duties therein mentioned for the Time specified in the said Act, which is near expiring; and that the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and there is now owing the Sum of £.3,900, which was borrowed upon the personal Credit of the said Trustees; and, together with the Produce of the Tolls, has been expended in making and repairing the said Road; and that the said Money cannot be repaid during the Remainder of the Term for which the Tolls were granted, and the said Road cannot be effectually made and kept iii Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the Act of Parliament above-mentioned, and otherwise to amend, repair, and make the aforesaid Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they'do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, aB it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Douglas, Mr. Home,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and "

Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at Wat do make the Member Report from the Committee of the whole House, to to report whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Bill,

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed.

A Petition of John Erasmus Blackett, Edward Dale, Newcastle George Colpitts, George Errington, John GrahamClarke, Playhouse Ralph Heron, and Nathaniel Clayton, all of the Town Petitio°* of Newcastle upon Tyne, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a licensed Playhouse is much wanted in the said Town, and the principal Inhabitants of the Town and its Neighbourhood have, by voluntary Subscription, at a great Expence, erected Buildings within the said Town, properly situated for the Purpose of a Playhouse, and the Petitioners are duly appointed Trustees for such Subscribers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent to license a Theatre or Playhouse in the said Town.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 5 N Consideration

Mutiny Bill reported.

Committee on Public Accounts.

West Harp-tree Inclosure Petition.

414 to — 3° Martii, 1787.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appeal* to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to more, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved\That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Martii;

Anno 27" Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1787.

Praters.

A PETITION of Goodenough Earle, Esquire, John Currelland others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Commons or Wastes in the Parish of West otherwise West Harptry, in the County of Somerset, containing together, by Estimation, 1,150 Acres, or thereabouts, and the said Goodenough Earle, John Currell, and others, as Owners or Proprietors of Lands or Tenements within the said Parish, have, in respect thereof, a Right of Common upon the said Commons or Wastes; and that it would be not only of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Commons or Wastes, if the same were divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Commons or Wastes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Phelips and Sir John Trevelya do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

O '

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Essex,

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Roads Peti-to put in Execution several Acts made in the Twelfth uour*poitc4 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the Counties of Essex and Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: Ana

Golding Griggs, Esquire, being examined, said,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which now remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads properly repaired, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And that the reducing the Provisions of all the said Acts into One Act, would much facilitate the proper Execution thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Hertford: And that Mr. Bramston, Mr. John Robinson, and Mr. Bullock, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Harlow Rod Term ana Powers of several Acts, made in the Tenth Bill passed. Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of to

Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping through the Parishes of Northweald Bassett, Bobbingicorth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, and Shelley, to The Four Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence, through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandecillc, to the Parish of Writtle, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of liar loro Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to in

the County of Essex; and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping through the Parishes of Northweald Bassett, Bobbingicorth, High Ongar, Chipping

Ongar, and Shelley, to The Four Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence, through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish

of Writtle, in the said County.

9 Ordered,

Googfe'

Petitions

against

Counterfeit

Coin.

Horsley, See. Roads Petition.

Blirford Roads Petition reported.

37 Geo. III. 2° Martii. 415

Ordered, That Mr. Bramton do carry the Dill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others the Traders, Manufacturers, and others within the Cities of London and Westminster,&c. & c.: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen within the City of York, and the Suburbs of the said City: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, within the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying, That the House will take the Circumstances of their Petitions into Consideration, and provide such Remedies for the Relief of the Petitioners, and the Benefit of the Public, as shall be thought most adviseable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and amending the Road from the present " Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hursley, in the " County of Southampton, through the Borough of " Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County " of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and " Newtown River," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, in doing which the Tolls by the said Act granted, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended; and that the Debt so contracted still remains due, and cannot he paid off', nor can the said Roads be compleatly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, amended, and enlarged; and that the Road from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in the said Town of Newbury, to the Turnpike Road at being out of Repair, incommodious, and dangerous, it would be of great Accommodation and Convenience to the Town of Nezobury, and to the Public, if the same was included within the Powers of the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Fellowcs,

Sic.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late V o l.42.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand " and Post, at the Top of BurfordLane, in the County

"of Gloucester, to Stow on the JVold, and from thence

to Halford Bridge, in the County of and

" also the Road from The Cross Hands on Salford,

" to The Hand and Post in the Parish of Doxidcwell,

" in the County of Gloucester," was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the

Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of

1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had beeu complied

with; and that the Committee had examined the

Mattel- of the said Petition; and had directed him to

report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House;

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same

was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Two several Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, were also read, by which an Addition of Ten Years has been added to the Term of the first-mentioned Act: Then

Mr. Joseph Knight being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said first-mentioned Act, and borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Roads from The Hand and Post, at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester', to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook, and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of O.iford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish

of Withington, in the County of Gloucester: And that

Mr. Freeman, Captain Berkeley, and Mr. Master, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for naturalizing Daniel Graff, -was read a Graff's Nat. Second Time. Bill com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph mitted-Mawbey, Mr. Pye, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Pive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Jercoise reported from the Committee, to whom Birmingham

th.e Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Road Peii-putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, made tion reported, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to

the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilston, and from Great Bridge through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brettell Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the said Road from Birmingham to the High Bullen, and to Gre Bridge, and to the End of Gibbet Lane, and to a certain Place called The Neither Trindle, near Dudley aforesaid, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards

4

4i 6

a" Martiu

A. 178 7.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spintxr do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Melton

Mr. Robert Baylcy informed your Committee, That Hunting, Lord of the Manor of Melbourne, in the j)uc, osur'

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have boitowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and (jannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — That it would be of great Benefit to Travellers, if a new Road was made from the End of a Lane called Trouse Lane to the Turnpike Road at Darlaston.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of Three Acts, of the Thir-

County of Derby, and the humble Petition of the Right honourable Peniston Lord Viscount Melbourne of the Kingdom of Ireland, John Clerk,

Hugh Cantrell, and others, Freeholders and Copy* holders within the Liberties of Melbourne and King'S Nexcton, in the Parish and Lordship of Melbourne aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Liberties, several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts, Part of which are Free

ojitf

teenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first hold and Part Copyhold, and, if the same were divided Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of and inclosed, it -would greatly improve the Estates His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, Roads from Birmingham, through iVcdnesbury, to High That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing Bul/en and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Mea-of Gibbet Lane, and to Aether Trind/e, near Dudley, in dows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner

the Counties of Waru’ick and Stafford; and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Trouse Lane, in the Parish of IVcdnesbury, to Darlaston, in the County

as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That Leave be given

to bring in a

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And

Bill,

that

of Stafford: And that Mr. Jercoise and Mr. Gilbert do Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, Lord George Au-

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wednesliury, &c. (toads Petition.

A Petition of the acting Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, named and appointed in or by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading " from High Bul/en, in JVto the further

gustus Hairy Cavendish, and Mr. Edward do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of Sawley i«. Harrington, Lord of the M anor of Sarc/ey, in the closure Peti-County of Derby, and the humble Petition of William Uo"-Holden, Esquire, Mary Shuttleuorth, Widow, Leonard Fosbrooke, Esquire, and others. Freeholders and Copy-End of Darlaston Lane, next The Portxray, and from holders within aforesaid, was presented to the " thence through Bilston to the further End of Gibbet House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within " Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from or belonging to the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County " Bilston, in the County of Stafford," was presented to of Dei'by, several Open Fields, Common Meadows, the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, containing

~ ~ together 7.50 Acres, or thereabouts, Part of which are

Freehold, and Part Copyhold, and, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And there-

tioners have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, but the said Roads, by Reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon (Part of the said Roads being the great Post Road from London to Shrewsbwy and Holyhead) are still in fore praying, That Leave may be given to brin<j in a Want of Reparation and Amendment; and there is Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, likewise a considerable Debt due upon the Credit of Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste

Goring Tn-closure Bill passed.

the Tolls collected- by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, continuing, and making more effectual, the Term and Powers of the said above-mentioned Act of Parliament, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Monde Ion,. Mr. Sheridan, &c.: And they are to meet u[K>n Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,’ Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Commons, Linchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste I^ind, or othei* Ground, intermixed with, or adjoining to, the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Commons, Linchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground, intermixed with, or adjoining to, the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the county of.

Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, and Mr. Euvrard Coke, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Baynes Garforth, Esquire, Lord Sttfton, kt, of the Manor or Manors of Steand Eastburti, in the Parish of Kildu'ick, in the County of York, and of Thomas Garfoi th, Esquire, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the other Persons interested in the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Townships of Steeton and Eastburn, within the said Manor or Manors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township or Townships, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, about 960 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be advantageous to the Proprietors, and other Persons interested therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr.

"i!

-> E.i

in;-

27 Geo. III.

Mr. Duncdmf/e and Mr. bring in, the same.

2° Mar

417

orce do prepare, &nd

'Chester

Poads

petition.

[ft

)*tr,

Vt.

fa

British Fisheries Bill committed*

Grantham Guildhall and Gaol Petition,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land, and Residents within the County of Chester, and County of the City of Chester, or One of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Public Highways, from the City of to a House or

Place called The Woodside in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester, and also, from the said City of Chester to Park gate, in the Township of Leighton, in the said County, and from Parligate to the Woodside Ferry aforesaid; and also, the Roads

through the Townships of IV and East-ham, in the said County of Chester, extending from the said Road leading from the City of Chester to Park-gate aforesaid, to the Road, leading from the said City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry aforesaid, are in many Places out of Repair, and there are several deep hollow Ways in the said Roads, which are narrow and incommodious, so that the Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads from the City of Chester aforesaid to a certain House or Place called The Woodside Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester, and also from the said City of Chester to a certain Place called Parkgate, in the Township of Leighton, in the said County of Chester, and from Parkgate aforesaid to the Woodside Ferry aforesaid; and also, the Roads through the Townships of /Villaston, Hooton, and Eiystham, in the said County of Chester, extending from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid, to the ltoad leading from the said City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Alderman and Burgesses of the Borough of Grantham mth the Soke, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Borough is an extensive Liberty, including several Towns and Parishes, in a District of several Miles; and that the said Borough is incorporated by the Name and Stile of Alderman and Burgesses of the said Borough, -and the Alderman and Twelve of the said Burgesses are Justices of the Peace for the said Borough and Soke, and are legally impowered to bold^ a Sessions of the Peace for the same; and that there is a Guildhall in the said Borough, in which the said Alderman and Burgesses have, for Time immemorial, held their Sessions, in which Building is a Court House for that Purpose, and Vol. 42*

likewise Rooms adjoining, for the Use of the said Alderman and Burgesses, and the Juries, and certain Apartments for the Residence of a Gapler, and a Gaol for the Confinement of Prisoners; and that the Whole of the said Building is very ancient, and the Room where the said Sessions are held, and the said Gaol in partifcu-lar, are in such a State of Decay, and so incapable of being repaired, that it is judged quite necessary to rebuild the same, but a sufficient Fund cannot be provided for those Purposes without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Oust, Sir John Thorold,

See.: And they are to meet uport Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising Of the House ad-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. ^jUrntf tu

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Great Britaiu ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Water-House, to consider of the Duties of Postage to be paid fl, rd ,'nstage> for the Conveyance of Letters arid Packets,' between ^de^"n* Great Britain and the Port of Wat&ford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by way of Milford Haven.

Ordered, That there be laid beforte this Hduse, & Gen. Claw-Copy of a Minute signed by General Clavering, and ing’s Minute entered in the Bengal Consultations; 13th January ordered. 1/77.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hduse, a Contract Copy or Duplicate of a Contract, entered into by the w*th Mess. Governor General and Council of Bengal, with Mr. Youn^wder-Patrick Heatley and Mr. Young, for the Provision of ed. 8 Opium, or of any other Contract entered into for that Purpose, subsequent to the Expiration of the Contract held by Stephen Sullivan, Esquire.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account — Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar Kum an<* into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending at ^,gar order* Christmas 1786, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Spoflorth lu-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open clnsure Ril1 Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and rePwrted-Waste Grounds, within the Township of in

the Parish of Spofforth, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at £.1.5s. 11 ^d.per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of ‘

Lands rated to the Land Tax at 10s. 9 per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are rated at the Annual Value of £.26. 8$. 8 d.);and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thf Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

3 O Amendments

41® 2* Martiu 1787*

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by die House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

not!ip*!vn Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to reported. Wn w'hom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County of , was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774,

relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Francis Evans being examined, said, That the Road leading from the South End of Boot Lane, in the Town of Nottingham, to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, is in a ruinous and bad Condition, and very inconvenient and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and that the same cannot be effectually formed, amended, widened, and kept in proper Repair, by the present Methods provided by Law.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence; and added, That the repairing and widening the same, in a proper and effectual Manner, will be of great Convenience to all Persons residing near or haring Occasion to travel upon the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Nottingham to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Robert Smith do prepare, and bring in, the same.

for defrajring the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1787, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Repiort be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have I^ave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ’

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^Ie*"s d#* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferre ' Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of Benjamin Lacam, sole Proprietor of New Mr. Laeam’s Harbour, in Bengal, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

The lordb have agreed to

Malt Bill.

Land Tax

BUI.

Puekle-church Road Bill.

Committee of Supply.

Report Militia Estimate referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Slum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Medford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read5 Setting forth, That the Petitioner has been many Years engaged in making a Refitting Harbour in the Ganges, capable of receiving and accommodating with dry Docks and Supplies the Ships of His Majesty’s Navy, as well as those of the East India Company, to any Extent of Number and Size; and that the Petitioner received and still holds his Right and Title to the said Place and Possessions, by virtue of Grants, or Pottahs, executed under the express Direction of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and sealed with the Official Revenue Seal of the East India Company, in full and accustomed Form, and with as free and absolute a Title and Deed, as any Subjects of this Realm hold their Chartered Rights, Grants, or Estates; and that after the Petitioner had, in the Course of Six Years, expended about £.30,000 in such Works, Vessels, and Preparations, as best suited the Nature of his extensive Undertaking, his Grant and Title were suddenly revoked and annulled by the Governor General and Council, to his great Disappointment, and the entire Ruin of his Affairs and Prospects; and the sole Causes alledged for the said Resolution were, first, the Inconvenience said to arise from the Collection of some Harbour Rates, which yet were expressly granted him in the Pott&b, and of which the whole Amount received by the Petitioner did not exceed the Sum of £.40 in the Course of Six Months, and were voluntarily relinquished by him, prior to the said Act of Revocation; the other Cause assigned was, the Insertion of an Sfc. in his Grant, which yet was literally copied from the Minute of the Governor General and Council, an Official Copy of which he is ready to produce signed with the Names of Warren Hastings and John Clavering, and which 8yc. the Petitioner was very wW* ling to have expunged from the Grant; and these were ‘9 the

27 Geo. III. 2° Martti; 419

the Only alledged and ostensible Motives for the Con- with Letters to the Admiral, by which the Governor . duct of the said Governor General and Council on this General and Council meant to recommend to him to Occasion; and that the Petitioner applied, and waited pass the approaching Monsoon in Bengal, and that this for Redress, at Bengal, for the Space of Four Years, Letter gave them the Satisfaction to find that the without Effect, and was then permitted, and generously Governor General and Council concurred with them in assisted by his Creditors, to come to England, and ap- Opinion against the Admiral's carrying the Squadron peal to the Sovereign Powers and Justice of his Na- to the other Side of the Peninsula; and that by the tive Country, and, upon a Representation of his Case Deposition of IVamen Esquire, Governor

to the House in 1783, at His Majesty’s gracious Re- General of Bengal, entered in the said Report, it doth commendation, the House was pleased to refer it to a appear, that he has declared, upon Oath, before the Committee, and a Report was made thereon, from Supreme Court of Judicature at Bengal, " That it," which Report, as the Petitioner conceives, the Truth meaning the Establishment at New Harbour, " struck of the above Allegations will sufficiently appear; and " his Attention, as a Matter which might be of general that it likewise appears, from the said Report, that, " and public Utility, and Increase the Foreign Trade during the late War, His Majesty’s Ships upon the " to and from the Port of Calcutta, by removing East India Station were greatly distressed for Want of " the Inconveniencies attending the Pilotage of Ships a Windward Refitting Harbour in the Bay of Bengal, *' round several Beds of Sand, which would be avoided and were compelled to quit that Bay at a most im- " by the Channel which the Petitioner proposed to portant Crisis, leaving the Coast of Coromandel, and " them, from which Expectation, and his Application the whole British Interest and Cause, entirely exposed " being made, it met with his, the said Governor to the French Fleet, which therefore penetrated almost General’s, hearty Concurrenceand similar Decla-to the Mouth of the Ganges, annoyed our Trade, cap- rations were given in, upon Oath, by Mr. Barwell tured Ninety-five Ships and Vessels, freighted with and Mr. Francis, at that Time Members of the said Stores and Provision for the Relief of our own dis- General Council of Bengal; and that’ the Right tressed Settlements, and thereby removed Famine, from honourable Lord Macartney, late Governor of Madras, their own Troops and Crews, to ours; and the Ships Major General Sir Archibald Campbell, formerly Chief of His Majesty’s Squadron, by going round to Bombay, Engineer of Bengal, and at this Time Governor and left the Enemy in full Possession of the Bay of Commander in Chief at Fort Saint George, Sir Richard Bengal, were absent from tlteir Station Six Months, King, Second in Command of His Majesty’s Ships and were thereby prevented from co-operating with during the late War in India, and Captain Alms, a the British Forces before Cuddalore till toe Month of Commander upon the same Station, have written Let;*

June, whereas, bad there been at that Time a Refitting tens to the Petitioner, approving and applauding toe Harbour at Bengal, His Majesty’s Ships might have National Utility of his Plan at Nets Harbour, as an returned, to the Coast of Coromandel in January, and Object of great Moment to the British Interests; and conveyed in proper Time the necessary Supplies of that, although the Right honourable the India Corn-Troops, Provision, and Money, to the Relief of the missioners, and toe Honourable the Court of Directors, then famishing and distressed Garrison erf Fort Saint by the Dispatches to Bengal of this Season, have been George-, and that, by Letters contained in the said pleased to refer the Claims of the Petitioner on the Report, it doth also fully appear, that the Governor Company, and the Merits of New Harbour, to the General and Council of Bengal declared, in their Address Decision of Earl Cornwallis, and the Supreme Council, to Admiral Sir Edward Hughes, that the Existence of which the Petitioner acquiesced in, relying and con-the British Interest was then at Stake upon toe Coast, tiding in toe Candour, Equity, and dignified Character and that His Majesty’s Ships, by refitting at Bengal, of that distinguished Nobleman, yet the Coart of would prove their best Security, as they should thereby Directors have refused to advance the Petitioner the be enabled to convey Supplies from Bengal to Loan of a Sum of Money sufficient to enable him to Madras, which could not be interrupted by toe Enemy proceed to India, in order to avail himself of the said while His Majesty’s Ships would be to Windward, Reference; and, having been deprived, by them and and that, by adopting this Plan, they might be able their Servants, of his Property and Fortune for the to begin the next Campaign very early in toe Year, Term of Ten Years, the Petitioner is utterly unable, with the Reduction of TrincomaU, and such other from the long Continuance of his embarrassed Cir«

Efforts, as might terminate the Wars in India; and that cumstances, to avail himself of the Permission given the Governor General and Council of Bengal in their him to retorn to Bengal, for the Conclusion of this Secret Department, did, on the loth of November 1782, Business, without such pecuniary Aid and Assistance; inform the Court of Directors, by Letter, that the And therefore praying, That the House will take the Harbour of TrincomaU is a Place of so much Import- said Report, its National Merit, and the Petitioner’s ance during the Monsoon, when Ships cannot, with Case, into Consideration, and grant him such Aid, Relief,

Safety, lie off the Coast, that toe French, by making and Protection, as to the House shall seem meet, themselves Masters of it, had not only avoided toe Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the disagreeable and ruinous Necessity of being obliged to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-retum to toe Islands with a shattered Fleet, but were mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it able to weather the Monsoon in a Situation where shall appear to them, to the House: they might greatly molest the Trade, if not entirely And it is referred to Mr. Wilber force, Mr. Francis, command the Coast; and that the President and &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning Select Committee of Fort Saint George, in their General next, at Nine of the Clock, in toe Speaker’s Cham-Latter to the Court of Directors, dated the 31st of her.

October 1782, acquainted them, that the Secretary to

that Board had received a Letter Express from the The other Order of the Day being read;

Secretary to the Governor General and Council of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the committw

Bengal, acquainting him, for their Information, toot whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of on Charge

Mr. Ritchie, the Marine Surveyor, who was possessed Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against against Mr.

of particular Charts of the new Channel, for the ren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal. H«ati»gs.

Entrance of the Bengal River, who bad repeatedly Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

surveyed it, and ivas well acquainted with the Navigation Mr. St. John took the Chair of toe Committee.

of toe Roads, would undertake to conduct His Majesty’s Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ships safely to a proper Anchoring Place in the River, Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That and that be had therefore been directed to proceed they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them Vol. 4SL referred;

4*o a" — 5" M . 1787.

referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Mr. Young Ordered, That William Young, Esquire, do attend to attend. the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 5* die Anno 27* Georgii III*" Regis, 17S7-Pkayers.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir to Bills. jlv. Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the lilack Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty w’as pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven:

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty. by a Land Tax, to be raised in Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and in the County of

Gloucester, to Christian Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in tire said Parish:

An Act- for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Cracoe, in the Parish of in the West Riding

of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing Solomon Dedel.

Camper’s A Bill for naturalizing Peter Everliard Camper, was Nat. Bill read a Second Time.

committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Pennyman, Mr . Gilbert,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

, Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Cross'ltoads whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car-Petition rying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made and reported. passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, enlarging,

" and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act,

" made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted4 " by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads " leading from Sevenoakto Woodsgate and Tonbridge " I Yells, and from JYoodsgate to Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent, and also for repairing the

" Roads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid to Earn her hurst " Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to

" Flimwell V ent, in the County of as relates to

" the amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the " said Roads, leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid " to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's Hill, and Flimwell " Vent aforesaid," and also of several Gentlemen,

Freeholders, and others, of the said Counties of Kent and Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Wl>ere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Pope being examined, said, The Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which now remains dub, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that the Highway leading lfom the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound through East Lane, in the several Parishes of Lamberhurst and Horscmonden, in the County of Kent, by Hopper Mill, in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the said County, to the Turnpike Road near the Turnpike Gate at the Bottom of Clay Hill, in the said Parish of Goudhurst, is very narrow, and in a ruinous Condition, and frequently impassable, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law, but if it was properly repaired it would be a great Convenience to the Country thereabouts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to Flimzvell Vent, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound aforesaid, through East Lane, and by Hope Mill, to the Turnpike Road at Clayhill, in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of William Welby, Esquire, and of others, Hanton Owners of Lands and Instates in the Parish of Harslon, p'J^e in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House,' 1 e ‘ l0"‘ and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several small old Inclosures and Waste Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, lying intermixed and dispersed, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to all Parties interested in; the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specitic Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights therein: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Pochin and Air. Hungerford do prepare, and bring in, the same.

*Mr. Freeman presented to the House, according to Burford Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act of K°als 1!''l the Twenty-eighth-Year Of his late Majesty, so far as PreS8nU<i-the same relates to the Roads from The Hand cuid Post,

at

27 Geo. III. 5 Martii. 421

at the Top of Bur ford Lane, in the County of to Stow on the If old, and from thence to Paddle Brook, and from The Ci'oss Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish of lVithington, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Horst Green Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Road Bill to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-

w!>,r ' ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the

Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through and Burwash, to

the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Horsham A Petition of the poor Prisoners in the County Debtors Peri- Gaol of Horsham, confined for Debt, was presented to tioa. the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Birmingham Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according to Roads Bill Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of Three Acts,

presented. of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the

Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham, through to High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, and to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford; and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Trouse Lane, in the Parish of Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pidtkm A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and against Commonalty of the City of Lincoln, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and p°if ri read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, if the said Bill is passed into a Law, the Bridge, when built, will be very injurious and hurtful to the Navigation, and will particularly affect the Trade of the Citizens and Inhabitants of Lincoln: And therefore praying the House to take the same into their Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at Vql. 42.

the same Time, in Fa\pur of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Royal College and Corporation of Petition from Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to l!,e Corporate House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Year t‘e°onnofoj?ur‘ 1777, a Scheme was formed by the Petitioners of £du, tmrgh. raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the Corporation, and of their Clerk, which the Petitioners were authorized to carry into Execution, by Letters Patent from His Majesty, bearing Date the 14th of March 1778; and that certain Alterations upon the said Scheme, for the Improvement thereof, having been proposed to, and unanimously approved of by, the Petitioners, they are advised to apply for the Aid and Authority of Parliament, to carry those Alterations into Execution, and to render the said Scheme permanent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purpose, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir AdamFergusson, Mr. Dempster, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Raban, of Hatton Street, in the Petition to Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of prevent Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That several Acts have been passed to ment of prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals.

Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Surrey, which

have given great Security to the Consumers thereof, but such Security is not given to those Consumers of Coals who buy the same by Ship or Pool Measure; and that the Petitioner has every Reason to believe, and much to offer in Proof, that Frauds of an enormous Magnitude have been, and still continue to be, committed in the Sale of Coals by Ship or Pool Measure, greatly to the Injury of the Consumers thereof, and particularly to the fair Trader, the unfair Practices complained of being committed after the Public Meters have discharged their Duty, and the Coals taken away from the Ships; and the Petitioner, flattering himself that such Frauds (if Provision was made) might be completely prevented in future, and conceiving the great Utility which the Inhabitants of this Metropolis would derive therefrom, is willing to promote and establish an Office, at his own Expence, for the Inspection of all Coals, Culm, Cinders, or Coke, sold as and for Pool Measure, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, upon having an Allowance granted upon all Coals, Culm, Cinders, or Coke, sold in Manner aforesaid, to enable him to support the said Office and a sufficient Number of Persons under him; and Representing to the House,

That, as no Land Coal Meter is appointed for the several Wharfs extending along the River Thames, from the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe to the farthest Limits of the Parish of Sain Mary Woolwich, the Inhabitants of that, and the adjacent Part of the County of Kent, are not so secured in the fair Admeasurement of their Coals as those of the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Surrey are, the Want of which not only affords an Opportunity of committing Frauds and Abuses, upon the said Inhabitants, but will also tend to frustrate, if not defeat,

5 P the

4*2

Martii.

A. 1787.

Ports ea

the Public Benefit and Advantage intended by the in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, Establishment of an Inspector’s Office: And therefore in the Parish of in the County of Not ting -

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ham; and Setting forth, rihat the building of the for those Purposes, under such Rules, Orders, and said Bridge will affect the 1'olls at the said Ferry at Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.: And therefore praying, That Provision

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the may be made in the said Bill for making a llecotn-Table. pence for the Diminution of the Receipt of Tolls at

the said Ferry, in Consequence of the building of the A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and others, said Bridge.

Petition^18 habitants of the Island of Port sea, in the County of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

e l0^ Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill

Setting forth, That the Parishes of Portsmouth and is committed.

Portsea, within the said Island of Portsea, are very Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-large and populous, and, being situated near Ports- mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in mouth Harbour and Spithead, and Places of great Re- the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Pe-sort for Shipping, a great Number of People are tition. employed, and a very considerable Trade is carried

on there and in the said Island of Portsea; and that A Petition of George Chaworth, Esquire, John Cropwell there are many Persons to whom the Inhabitants of William Jarman, Elizabeth White, and others, Butler Inclo-

the said Island are obliged to give Credit for small whose Names are thereunto set, being the Owners of 8UrePetitioa* Sums of Money, who frequently refuse, although well Lands, Tythes, and Common Right, in the Open able, to pay the same, presuming on the Discourage- Fields, Commonable and Waste Grounds, in the tnents which their Creditors lie under from the great Lordship or Liberty of Butler, in the County

Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays of and in a certain Intercommon Field and they meet with, in suing for such Debts in the Courts Meadow, called The Feme Field and Great Meadow, of Law; and that it would tend greatly to promote lying indiscriminately in the Lordship of Cropwell Industry and support useful Credit in the said Island, Butler and Cropwell Bishop, in the said County of if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Debts within the same was established: And there- Setting forth. That the Petitioners Lands in the said

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Open Fields and Meadows lie greatly dispersed and Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and intermixed, and particularly in the said Intercommon Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restric- Field and Meadow; and that the said Lands and tions, as to the House shall seem meet. Commonable and Waste Grounds are not capable of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the any considerable Improvement in their present Situa-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do tion, and it would be advantageous to the Persons examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it interested therein to have the same divided, exchanged, shall appear to them, to the House: and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave

And it is referred to Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Jer- may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, ex-voise, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom- changing, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Commonable and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re- Liberty of Cropwell Butler, in the County of

cords. ham, and in a certain Intercommon Field and Mea-

dow, called The Feme Field and Great Meadoio, lying East Stone- A Petition of the Patron, Minister, Church or indiscriminately in the Lordship of Cropwell Butler Bouse Chapel Chapel Wardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the and Cropwell Bishop, in the said County of Notting-

Petition. Parish or Chapelry of East Stonehouse, in the County ham, in such Manner as to the House shall seem

of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; meet.

Setting forth, That the Parish Church or Chapel of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

East Stonehouse aforesaid is a very ancient Fabric, and, pursuant, to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that by Length of Time, become so much decayed, and Mr. and Lord Edward do prepare,

the Number of Inhabitants within the said Parish or and bring in, the same.

Chapelry so greatly increased, that, if the said Church

or Chapel was sufficiently repaired, it would not be A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord Trow ell fa. large enough to contain them for the Purpose of Di- Middleton, and the humble Petition of the Reverend clo, ure vine Worship: And therefore praying, That Leave Isaac and the Reverend Tristram &twn*

may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Pe- Clerks, the said Henry Lord Middleton in his own titioners to pull down, enlarge, or re-build, the said Right, and the said Isaac Pickthall and T/istram Exley,

Parish Church or Chapel, and granting to the Pe- as Rectors of the Two Medieties of the Parish Church titioners such other Powers and Authorities as to the of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, being the House shall seem meet. sole Owners of all the Lands, Tythes, and other

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Estates, withio the Lordship of Trowell aforesaid, was

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it That the Petitioners Lands, Grounds, and other Pro-shall appear to them, to the House: perty, within the said Lordship, being greatly inter-

' And it is referred to Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr Bastard, mixed, and inconveniently situated for the Occupation

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, thereof, are not capable of any considerable Improve-at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ment in their present Situation; and that it would be and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and advantageous to the said Henry Lord Middleton, and Records. also to the said Rectors, and their Successors, to hava

the same divided, inclosed, and exchanged, in pur-Petition; A Petition of John Harrison, Esquire, Owner of a suance of their Agreement for that Purpose, and also

Gainsbo- certain Ferry, called Walkerith Ferry, in the County to have the Two Medieties of the said Rectory united:

rough Bridge of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to

BU1- Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge at or bring in a Bill to confirm an Agreement for dividing,

near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates

7 within

27 Geo. III. 50 Martii. 423

within the Lordship of in the Courtly of Not-

tingham, and for uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Medutcs and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Chandler's A Petition of James Rice Williams, Esquire, Guardian iiat-Petition. of George Chandler and Mana Chandler, Infants, under the Age of Eighteen Yerfrs, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Naturalization of the said George Chandler and Maria Chandler.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wutherston and Mr. Addington do prepare, and , bring in, the same.

Chadwich A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Inclosure thereunto subscribed,'Owners and Proprietors of Mes-Petition. suages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Chadwich,' in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Wrrcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, 520 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, afford little or no Profit, but are capable of great Improvement, and the same would, if divided and inclosed, so as to be converted into Tillage, be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave tnay be givfen to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadicich, in the Parish of Broms-grove, in the County of Worcester, unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lygon, and Mr. Edward do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses

gainst Port- of the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of hfbtsPeti- amPtoni >n Common Hall assembled, the 19th Day of lion. February, in the Year of our Lord 1787, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill to establish a Court of Requests in the Island of Portsea, for the Recovery of Small Debts; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners Conceive, the Acts for establishing such Courts in general are of the most dangerous and alarming Tendency, being founded on Principles directly opposite to those of our happy Constitution, and not only deprive the Subject of the Benefit of the Common Law, but vest discretionary and arbitrary Powers in Persons too often interested in the Abuse of them; and the Petitioners are particularly apprehensive, that a Court of Requests in the Island of Portsea will be prejudicial to the Interests of the Inhabitants, will tend greatly to corrupt the Morals of the lower Order of People, introduce much Distress, Vexation, and Oppression, increase the Poors Rates, countenance improper Credit, and be liable to manifold Inconveniencies and Abuses; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Island of Portsea is locally unfit for the Introduction of a Court of Requests, on Account of the great Number of Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Seamen, and others, employed in the public Service in the said Island, and of the Credit necessarily given by them to Government for their Wages, on the Receipt of which the Current Cash of the Island in a great Degree depends; for which Reasons, the Petitioners conceive, a Court of Requests cannot be established in the said Island

Vol. 42.

without the most alarming Inconvenience to the public Service of the Kingdom, and manifest Injustice and Distress to Individuals; and that the Petitioners apprehend there is the less Reason for introducing a Court of Requests into the said Island, because, a Court of Record is holden Weekly, before the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Borough of Ports, for the Recovery of all Debts within the said Borough, even from the highest down to the lowest Denomination, and the said Borough includes the Whole of the Town of Portsmouth, Portsmouth Common, Portsmouth Harbour,

His Majesty’s Dock Yard, Gun Wharf, Victualling Office, Custom House, Excise Office, and the Bulk of the Trading Part of the said Island: And therefore praying, That no such Bill may pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Mercer do, this Day, Mr. Mercer attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom to attend it is referred to consider further of the several Articles Committee, of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Charge to consider further of the several Articles of Charge "|a"!st Mr* of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Wairen 45 lDg5‘ Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Pelham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that >he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, Petitions whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of againstCoun-themselves and others the Merchants. Traders of the wrfeit Com. Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Retail Traders, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying, That the House will take the Circumstances of their Petitions into Consideration, and provide such Remedies for the Relief of the Petitioners, and the Benefit of the Public, as shall be thought most adviseable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of William Welby, Esquire, and of seve- Denton In-ral other Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parish closure Peti-of Denton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to t‘on-the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Opeu Fields, Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, whose Property therein is dispersed, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to

Stamford,. &c. Road Petition.

Little Eaton

Inclosure

Petition.

Pawnbrokers

Petition.

424 50 Martii. A. 1787.

the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, if the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, were divided into specific Allotments to the Owners thereof, and others interested therein, according to their respective Interests, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thoi'old and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Road, in doing which a considerable Debt hath been contracted; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off', nor can the Road be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Liberty of Little Eaton, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Forth, That there are, within the said Liberty, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Fields, containing together Ninety Acres, or thereabouts, which in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Fields, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing, or for allowing and confirming a Division and Inclosure of the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, and Mr. Edward Coke, do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and J Lest minster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons " who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of " Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for

" preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for " the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for " preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices;" and by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and render the above-mentioned Act more effectual, so far as the same related to the preventing the Unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, certain Regulations were established for better conducting the Business of Pawnbrokers; and that the said last mentioned Act was to continue in Force for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and was by another Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued for One Year longer; and that several of the Regulations and Provisions, established by the said Two former Acts, have been found' to be very beneficial, and the Petitioners conceive it will be convenient, and conducive to the public Good, if the said Act of King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers, and the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, were to be repealed, and the necessary Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, contained therein, together with such Alterations, Amendments, and Additions, as shall be deemed necessary or expedient, were comprized in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring-in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr.

Alderman Sazi bridge, &c.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Spoffurth in-Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and closure Bill Waste Grounds, within the Township of Spot forth, in PM5e^ the Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Spofforth, in the Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Joseph Mazcbey reported from the Committee, to Graff's Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizing Daniel Graff, was com- rePorttd-mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Papers pre-the Directors of the East India Company, attended at ®*Dled' the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Minute by General Clavering, Gen.Claver-entered on the Bengal Consultations the 13th January ing’sMinui*. 1777: And also,

N° 2. Proceedings of the Governor General and Contract Council of Bengal relative to the Contract entered into Me"-with Messieurs Young and Heatley, for the Provision Heatky-" of Opium.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And

J

/sbbnrton

Writ.

Repert

Supply*

prtwisioD for Militia.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Committee on Postage between Great Britain and Waterford.

27 Geo. III. 5 0 Martii.425

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, in the room, of Sir Robert Pulh, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenham,

in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties of Postage to be paid for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Way of Milford Haven, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vo l. 42.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and a Question was proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to represent to His Majesty, That David Esquire, a Captain in His Majesty’s Navy, has not been included in the late Promotions to the Flag, on the Ground of his not having served in the War before such Promotions took Place.

That it appears however to this House, That the said Captain Brodie had, both in Person and by Letter, applied to the Board of Admiralty to be employed, but which Offers of Service were not accepted.

That this House cannot but consider such Offers to serve as equivalent to actual Service, inasmuch as it is not in the Power of any Officer to serve but under the Appointment of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; and it would be contrary to Justice, that an Officer should suffer, owing to his not having served, when the Power of serving does not depend upon himself.

That it likewise appears to this House, That the said Captain David Brodie had, during the Time he was employed, distinguished himself as an active, zealous, and gallant Officer.

That in particular Captain David Brodie has been Sixty Years in the Royal Navy, was One of the Admiral’s Lieutenants at the taking of Porto Bello; bombarding Carthagena; taking of Chagre; taking of Boc-cachica; and in most of the Actions that happened in the West Indies during that War with the combined

Arms of France and Spain.

That Captain David Brodie was promoted to the Command of the Merlin, a Sloop of Ten Guns, and One hundred and Ten Men, in the Indies, and rendered the following Services to his Country:

1st. He sustained an Attack from a Fifty Gun Ship a considerable Time, in which he lost many Men. — Two other Ships coming in Sight, the Enemy left him — They afterwards proved to be Tw’o of our own.

2d. He took the Union, a French Privateer of superior Force.

3d. He took the Vainqueur, a French Privateer of superior Force.

4th. He took the Bacchus, a French Privateer of superior Force.

5th. He took the Saint Antonio, a Spanish Privateer.

6th. He took the Petit Guava, a French Privateer of equal Force.

7th. He took the Ferdinand, a French Privateer of superior Force, which he boarded. — She had Forty-two Men killed and wounded.

8th. He attacked Two Spanish Xebecks, that had taken the Blast and Achilles, Two of our Sloops of War, and after a desperate Engagement, they were obliged to retire, and never appeared more on those Seas. — Captain David Brodie derived peculiar Satisfaction from this Success, as he afterwards found they had been fitted out expressly to take him.

qth. He took Two French Ships of much superior Force, in which Action he was wounded in the Side, and lost his right Arm.

That, for these Services Captain Brodie was honoured with a Letter from the then Lords of the Admiralty.

Captain Brodie was made a Post Captain in March 1747, and commanded the Canterbury at. the taking of Port Louis, and the Attack of S' Jago-da Cuba. — He commanded the Stretford in the Engagement off the

5 Q Ilavannah,

Supply

deferred.

Motion for Address respecting Capt. Brodie wth drawn.

425 5 — 5°

Hctcamiah, in the Year 1748, in which he took the Conquest adore of Sixty-four Guns, the only Ship taken in the Action.

That this House is therefore induced humbly tq beseech His Majesty, That His Majesty will be graciously pleased to confer some Mark of His Majesty’s Favour on the said David Brodie, Esquire, this House being convinced that such a Measure must be highly conducive to the Advantage of His Majesty’s Navy, by encouraging that Zeal and Gallantry of which there tire so many, Instances herein contained; whereas so honourable a Series of Services and Sufferings not meeting with regular Promotion, may tend to extinguish that Spirit of Emulation and Enterprize which has hitherto animated the British Navy, and characterized it in every Part of the Globe.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House withdrawn.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Address That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty,

that He will be graciously pleased to take the merito-Neg. r *e> rious Services and Sufferings of Captain David Brodie into His Royal Consideration; and that His Majesty will be pleased to confer upon the said Captain Brodie such Mark of His Royal Favour as to His Majesty shall seem proper;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

[Sir Matthew White ]

Tellers for the YeasJ Ridley, [ 83.

[Sir John Miller: J

(The Marquis of GraA ham, [100.

Mr. Fenton Cawthofne:J So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Public whole House, to take into further Consideration so

Accounts, much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both

Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they bad made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, To-Morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 6* die Martii;

Anno 27" Georgii IIP Reps, 1787.

Prayers.

The Lords A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr have agreed A. and Mr. Graves: to Mr. Speaker,

Canterbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Paving Bill. Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the

Martii. A. 1787.

Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets and other Places near or adjoining to the said City; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kessingland, Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste &c-lociowre Lands, within the Parishes of Kessingland and Covehithe, Ull*‘ otherwise North Hales, in the county of ; with-

out any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Accounts Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the relating to Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Wine, Malt, the House, pursuant to their Orders, *c- Prtsent‘

An Account of the Stock of Wine in the Possession of Dealers on the 5th of July and the 29th of November 1786, respectively, and also of Wine imported and consumed within the said Period: And also,

An Account of the Stock of Wine in the Possession of Dealers on the 1st of September 1786; and also of Wine imported and consumed between the 5th of July and the 31st of August 1786: And also,

An Account of the several Duties received upon Malt, upon Beer, and upon Spirits distilled from Malt; distinguishing the Quantity of such Spirits charged with Duty in the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, and 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom k is referred to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Forster, Secretary Accounts to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, attended Loyally at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- pieseuted. sented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, containing an Account of the Number of American Loyalists who receive Allowances although they have lost no Property, and the Amount of the Annual Allowances paid to them; also, the Number of Persons who receive Annual Allowances, and who have sustained the Loss of Professions and Offices in America, with the Amount of the Allowances paid

to them; also, the Number of Persons who have lost Property only in America, and receive Allowances, with the Total Amount of the Annual Allowances paid to them; also, the Number of Persons who have Claims for Loss of Property in America, but receive no Allowances or other Support from Government on Account thereof; and also, an Account of the Money paid to the American Loyalists in consequence of the Grants of £. 150,000, and ,£.178,750, made by Parliament in the Two last Sessions for the Relief of the said American Loyalists, distinguishing the Total Amount of those who have received £ 40 per Cent, and the Total Amount of those who have received £. 30 per Cent, on their liquidated Losses.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Au

27 Geo. III.

427

6° Martii.

An ACCOUNT, pursuant to an Order of the Honourably the House of Commons, dated the

26th February 1787, of

1st. The Number of American Loyalists who receive Allowances although they have lost no Property, and the

Amount of the Annual Allowances paid to them.

N# of Persons. Amount of ^Uowancef.

Consisting of Persons who preferred no Claims under the Acts of Parham* Persons who preferred Claims for Losses of Property, which I have been examined and disallowed, included in the Reports 1 . up to 24th December 1786 - - - - J 135 6,666 per Ann.

31 1,520 per Ann.

Total - 166 £. 8,186 per Ann.

N. B. — The above are chiefly Widows, Orphans, and reduced Merchants.

2d. The Number of Persons who receive Annual Allowances, and who have sustained the Loss of Professions and Offices in America, with the Amount of the Allowances paid to them.

rPersons who have lost Professions and Offices only, included" in the Reports to the 24th December 1786, and liquidated -at £.9,201 per Annum Consisting of ( Persons who have lost Professions and Offices, and have also' lost Property, included in the Reports to the 24th December 1786; and the Loss of whose Offices and Professions is . liquidated at £.21,899 per Annum

Total - -

N° of Persons. Amount of Allowances.

35 2,525 per Ann.

69 8,191 per Ann.

104 £. 10,626 per Ann.

Note. — There are 28 Claimants included in the above Reports, who have lost Offices and Professions <to the Amount of £. it,475 per Annum, who receive no Annual Allowances.

3d. The Number of Persons who have lost Property only in America, and receive Allowances, with the total

Amount of the Annual Allowances paid to them.

'Consisting of|

Persons whose Claims have been examined -Persons whose Claims have not been examined

Na of Persons. Amount of Allowances.

- 220 330« 12,545 per Ann. 22,483 per Ann.

Total - - 550 £. 35,028 per Ann.

Note. — In sundry of the unexamined Claims, Losses of Income from Professions and Offices, as well as -of Property, are included -

4th. The Number of Persons who have Claims for Loss of Property in'! America, but receive no Allowances or other Support from Government on > 1,734

Account thereof ------ I

Vo l. 48.

5th. An

6° Martii. A. 1787.

5th.- An- Account of the Money -paid to the American Loyalists in Consequence of the Grants of £.150,060 and £. 178,750 made by Parliament in the Two last Sessions, for the Relief of the said American Loyalists* distinguishing the total Amount of those who have received £. 40. per Cent, and the total Amount of those who have received £. 30. per Cent, on their liquidated Losses.

N# of Persons. Amount of Sums.

Total Amount of Sums allotted to be paid to those who (having rendered)

Services and borne Arms) were entitled to receive Sums not exceeding!. 282 £.210,873 10 —

£. 40 per Gent. - - - - J Total Amount of Sums allotted to be paid to those who were entitled to) receive Suras not exceeding £. 30. per Cent - - - - J 312 117,876 10 —

Total - - 594 £.328,750

N. B. — The Whole of the above Sum of £.328,750 appears to have been received, except the Sum of £.11,768. 18. which has not yet been applied for.

Note. — As the Order requires in the First Account " the Number of American Loyalists who receive " Allowances for Services performed, although they have lost no Property" — And in the Second " the Number of Persons who receive Annual Allowances in Consequence of the Loss of Professions " and Offices " — it is proper to observe that the Allowances w'ere not granted singly " on Account " of Services performed," or " of Offices or Professions lost," but were intended as Provisions for temporary Subsistence, having Reference to the general past and present Circumstances of the Party.

. The First and Second Accounts above rendered therefore necessarily vary from the Letter of the Order, although it is apprehended they contain the Information intended.

Office of American Claims,

Lincoln's Inn Fields, John Forster,

March 6th 1787. Secretary to the ComIniss,

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Bridges and Causeway; and that the said Bridges and

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Causeway have been repaired by the Petitioner, till

of late, at a small Expence, but, by Reason of the Swansea Sir WatkinLewes presented to the House, accord- great Increase of Traverse over the said Bridges and Paving IV-U ing to Oder, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, Causeway with Waggons heavily laden, and other

pretcnic . lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other Carriages and Horses, owing to the several Turnpike'

public Passages and Places, within the Borough and Roads newly made, to lead to, and communicate Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and with, the said Town of Saint Ives and Bridges, the certain Parts near or adjoining thereto, and for re- same are now become greatly worn and decayed, and moving and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances cannot be repaired and made safe without a great therein: And the same was received; and read the Expence; and that the said Bridges and Causeway First Time. are narrow, and unsafe for Travellers in Times of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Flood, and all Carriages, except Waggons and

Carts, and all Horses, except Led Horses, Drove Hosch’s Nat. A Petition of Peter John Hosch, was presented to the Horses, and Pack Horses, passing upon and over the Petition. House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given said Bridges and Causeway, pay no Toll, although to bring in a Bill for his Naturaliration. they contribute to the Wear and Damage of the said

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Bridges and Causeway; and that Application hath according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And been made (to the Petitioner by several Gentlemen of that Mr." John Baring and Sir Charles Warwick Bamp- the said County, requesting him to cause the said fylde do prepare, and bring in, the same. Bridges to be widened and repaired, and the said

Causeway to be widened and raised in such Manner St. Ives A Petition of the Most Noble George Duke of as to render the Passage over the same commodious

Bridges and Manchester, w as presented to the House, and read; and sate for Carriages and Passengers at all Seasons of Petition^ Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Proprietor of an the Year; and the Petitioner is willing and desirous ancient Stone Bridge over the River Ouze, at the to widen and repair, or re-build the said Bridges, Town of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, and to repair, raise, and widen the said Causeway, and of a Causeway, consisting of several Arches, ad- and make a sufficient Number of Arches, with projoining the said Bridge, and extending Southwards per Cuts and Drains, to carry off the Water in Time Six hundred Yards, or thereabouts, and also of a of Flood, and to render the Passage over the said Wooden Bridge erected upon the said Causeway, and Bridges and Causeway safe and commodious for Car-is entitled to collect a small Toll for Waggons and riages, Horses, and Travellers, in case the Petitioner Carts, Drove Horses, Led Horses, Pack Horses, shall be authorized to collect such additional Tolls Drift Cattle, Hogs and Sheep, passing over the said as, with the Tolls he is now entitled to, shall be sufficient

27 Geo. III. 6° Martii.

4*9

Bill, pre

Killed.

sufficient to defray the extraordinary Expences attending the said Works: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Burton, the Lord Hinchingbrook, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cambridge Mr. Yorke presented to the House, according to ebU ^r^er> a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Cambridge, and the Hundreds of Chesterton, Fiendish, Staine,

'South or Longstaw, Papwor Wetherley, Armingford,

Triplow, WhitllesJord, Chilford, Stapbw, and

Radfield, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday, the 25th' Day of April next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday, the " 25th Day of April next," and inserting the Words " Thursday Fortnight, the 2 2d Day of this Instant " March," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "

" nesday, the 25th Day of April next," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. } .6.

fMr. Yorke, 1

Tellers for the Noes, { Mr. Matthew Mon- > 25.

I J

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thurs-tl day Fortnight, the 22d Day of this Instant March" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Fortnight, the 2 2d Day of this Instant March.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sheridan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whorh Wedne»bury the Petition of the acting Trustees, whose Names are &c. Roads thereunto subscribed, named and appointed in or by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road.leading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further " End of Darlastone Lane, next the Fortway, and " from thence through Bilston, to the further End of " Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to " and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Willim being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen, in IVedncsbury, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, next the Portwayand from thence through Bilston, to the further End of Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Wrottesley, and Sir Edward Littletdo prepare, and bring in, the same.

Stafford Goal A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold-Ptution. er3 of the (bounty of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Gaol for the said County is inconvenient, and insufficient for the sate Custody of the Prisoners generally confined therein, and the House of Correction for the said County is also ill-constructed, and not well adapted to the Confinement and Accommodation of Prisoners; and that tire Petitioners are desirous to erect a new Gaol, and to make a proper House of Correction, for the said County, upon some eligible and more commodious Situation in or near to the Town of Stafford, and to make proper Outlets and open Avenues thereto, in order to which it will be necessary to purchase Lands, and for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid to raise a considerable Sum of Money: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol, and making a proper House of Correction, for the said County of Stafford, and for raising the Monies necessary for such Purposes, and for making such Regulations concerning the same, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol. 43.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Carmarthen men, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Car- Gaol, &c. mart hen, and the Mayor, Recorder, Justices of the retitlun-Peace, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Gaol of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen has no Outlet or Airing Ground, and is totally destitute of Water, and many other Conveniencies, which cannot be added thereto, owing to the present confined and limited Situation of such Goal, and the Liberties thereof; and that the said Gaol, being incommodious, and insufficient to answer the general Purposes of a Common Gaol, is dangerous and unhealthy for Prisoners, and a real Nuisance to the Inhabitants of the Town of Carmarthen, and it is highly expedient that the same should be removed, and that a fit and proper Goal should be provided for the said County Borough of Carmarthen, and that a commodious House of Correction should also be erected for the said County Borough, there being at present no House of Correction whatever erected therein, although by Law required, and there being daily Occasion for such Erection; and that the Magistrates of the County 1

of Carmarthen arc about to enlarge and improve the

5 R Gaol

6° Martii.

43°

A. 1787.

Carmarthen Goal of the said County, and to contract for the said Borough and Town, ar* greatly obstructed by Gaol, &c. building of a House of Correction therein, which Sheds, Penthouses, Stalls, Bulks, Walls, Palisadoes, said Gaol and House of Correction may, at a small and Rails, built against the Fronts, Sides, and Pine additional Expence, be rendered sufficiently large and Ends of Houses and other Buildings, and projected commodious lor the Reception, Accommodation, and into the Street; and that, by bringing Water into Confinement of all Debtors, Criminals, and Prisoners the said Town, better paving, cleansing, widening, whatsoever, belonging to the County and County of lighting, and watching the said Streets, Lanes, Ai-the Borough of Carmarthen; and that the consolulat- leys, and oilier Passages, within the said Borough ing and uniting of the said Gaols and Houses of and Town, and the preventing of all Nuisances, An-Correction, so as to made the same Gaol and Liber- noyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein ties, and the same House of Correction, answer the for the future, and taking down all the Houses and joint Purposes of the said County and County Bo- Buildings situated between the Town Hall and the rough of Carmarthen, will be attended with much less Cross or Fish Market, and taking down and remov-Expence than the building of Two separate Gaols ing the aforesaid Sheds, Penthouses, Stalls, Bulks, and Two separate Houses of Correction, and essen- Walls, Palisadoes, and other Obstructions, and the tially benefit the Petitioners and the Public, and laying the Scite or Ground whereon they stand, or of tend greatly to lessen the original Cost of such Erec- such Part thereof as shall be necessary, into the High-tions, and to relieve the Petitioners in their future way and public Streets, will be of great Benefit, Expences relative to the Support and Maintenance of Safety, and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Officers, and Repairs of such respective Buildings, Borough and 'Town, and the Liberties thereof, and but, as the County of Carmarthen, and the County of of public Convenience; and that the Navigation of the Borough of "Carmarthen, are both Counties of the River Tony, from Carmarthen Bridge to its Junc-themselves, totally distinct and separate in their Juris- tion with the Sea in the County of Carmarthen, is of diction, such Union can in no Ways be effected late greatly choaked up and obstructed by Mud, without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Justices Gravel, Sand, Earth, and other Things collected in of the Peace within the County Borough of Carmar- sundry Places, so that the Water of the said River in then, being by Charter prohibited from trying of all some Places is become too shallow for navigating Felonies whatsoever happening within the Jurisdic- Ships of any considerable Burthen, and the Navigation of their Sessions of the Peace, many Criminals, tion thereof is in Danger of being lost, unless some committed for Petty Larcenies and other small Of- effectual Steps are speedily taken to remove and presences, are frequently obliged to be detained in the vent such Obstructions in future; and that it would Gaol of the said County Borough, for Six Months be of great public Utility, and tend much to the together, or from the Time of their Commitment to Advancement of Trade, if such Part of the said River the Holding of the Great Sessions for such County as lies between the said Bridge and the Sea was pro-Borough, whereby manifest Inconveniencies have perly cleansed, scoured," and deepened, and proper arisen, unnecessary Expences have been incurred, and Stanches, Embankments, and other necessary Works Justice greatly delayed, to the Prejudice of the Sub- erected, and fit and convenient Quays, Wharfs, and ject, and Hazard of the Prisoners Healths, the Peti- Landing Places, provided for the Improvement of tioners therefore conceive it necessary and expedient, the Navigation of the said River, and proper and that the Powers, Jurisdiction, and Authority of the sufficient Powers given to regulate the discharging said Justices, and of the General Sessions of the Peace of Ballast, and the Birth and Riding of all the Ship-within the said County Borough, should be enlarged ping whatsoever frequenting the said River, and that and extended, and that the Benefit of certain Acts of a sufficient Fund should be raised and provided for Parliament, made with respect to the Relief of Deb- that Purpose, and for the future Repairs and Maiute-tors, should be extended to the Debtors, and other nance of such Works, by a small Tonnage upon all Provisions made for the more speedy Release of Pri- Shipping navigating the said River, and a Wharfage soners, confined in the Gaol of the County and Coun- upon all such Goods, Wares, and Commodities, as ty Borough of Carmarthen; and that the said Town should be landed upon the several Quays, Wharfs, and Borough of Carmarthen is ill supplied, and in and other Landing Places, respectively belonging the reto: great Want of Water, and often in Danger from And therefore praying, That Leave may lie given to bring Fire, for Want of a certain and sufficient Supply in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, thereof, and the Avenues, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem Ways, and other public Passages, within the said meet.

Town and Borough, and the Liberties and Precincts Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the thereof, are very ill paved and cleansed, and in a Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine ruinous Condition, and incommodious to Passengers, the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall by Reason of Nuisances, Annoyances, and other Ob- appear to them, to the House, structions, and many Disorders and Irregularities are And it is referred to Mr. , the Earl of

frequently committed, in the Night Time, in the burne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-Avenues, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and public ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Passages, within the said Town and Borough, for and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Want of the same being properly lighted and watch- Records, ed; and that the Guildhall belonging to the said

County Borough is extremely narrowed and confined A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in DebtorsP«ii-

in Situation, so that no Steps, or other proper Ap- Gaol, in the County of was presented to the tion.

proach or Communication, can be conveniently made House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and thereto, or any Record Room, or other convenient praying Relief.

Public Offices, added, by Reason of certain ancient Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Buildings (great Part of which are in a ruinous Con- Table, dition) abutting upon and too nearly bounding thereof, and, by Reason of the Situation of such Build- A Petition of Joseph Arnall Eyre, Clerk, Vicar of Dorrington ings, Upper and Lower Market Street, being Two of the Parish and Parish Church of Dorrington, in the ,nc!osure the principal Streets in the said Town, are rendered County of Lincoln, and of James Guthrie, Thomas extremely narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Greaves, John Philip Parrott, Robert Pickworth,

Persons and Carriages passing that Way; and that se- JohIVillcocks, Thomas Clarke, and others, whose ▼eral other Passages and public Streets, within the Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Pro-

prietors

27 Geo. III. 6° 431

prietors of Lands, and oilier Property, in the Town Pbrt of them, should at any Meeting appoint, were and Parish of Dorrington aforesaid, was presented to united into a Company for the Purposes of the said the House, and read: Setting forth, That there are, Act, and were declared to be a Body Politic and within the said Town and Parish, certain Open and Corporate, by the Name of " The Dock Company at Common Fields,' Meadows, Pastures, and Fens, called Kingston upon Hull," and certain Parte of His Majesty’s The Church Field, The Middle Dale Field, The Hill Military Works at Kingston upon Hull were thereby Field, The North and South Meadows, The Cow Pasture, granted and appropriated for the Purposes before-The Horse Fen, The South Fen, The Long Dales, and mentioned, and no other, and the said Company were Land Dales, containing together 1,700 Acres, or thereby required at all Times sufficiently to repair, thereabouts; and that the Lunds of the said Vicar, support, and cleanse the said Dock and Quay, and

and of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Fields, all other the Works to be made by them by virtue of

Meadows, Pastures, and Fens, lie greatly intermixed, the said Act, and, in order to facilitate the Execution and, in their present Situation, are not capable of any of the said Works, the Sum of 15,000 was directed Improvement, and the Petitioners apprehend, that it to be paid out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned, Port of Kingston upon Hull, at the Times, and in the if the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Fens, Manner therein mentioned, and the said Company

were to be inclosed, and divided amongst the several were authorized to raise among themselves a Sum of

Persons having an Interest therein, according to their Money, not exceeding 80,000, to be divided into respective Rights, Interests, and Properties: And Shares of 500 each, and the several Subscribers therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring were to receive, after the Works were compleated, a in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, proportionable Part of the Profits arising from the Meadows, Pastures, and Fens, io such Manner, and Money to be raised by the Authority of the said Act, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem and to bear an adequate Proportion of the said Mo* meet. ney towards carrying on the said Undertaking, and,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, if the said Sum of £ 80,000 should not be raised, 01* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that be insufficient for making the said Dock, and other Mr. Harrison, Mr. Anderson Pelham, and Sir John Works, the said Company were thereby authorized Thorold, do prepare, and bring in, the same. to borrow at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and

Duties granted by the said Act, so much Money as Hall Docks A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town might make up the said Sum of 80,000, and such Petition. of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brotherhood of further Sums of Money, not exceeding £. 20,000, for Masters and Pilots, Seamen, of the Trinity House of completing the said Works, and certain Rates and Kingston upon Hull, under their respective Common Duties,’particularly expressed in the said Act, were Seals, and of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and prin- thereby granted to the said Company, and made pay-cipal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Kingston able from the 31st Day of December 1774, and the upon Hull, and others, interested in the Trade and said Company were thereby impowered to lessen the Shipping of the said Port, was presented to the House, Duties of Tonnage granted by the said Act, and to and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in raise the same again, as to them should seem meet, so the Fourteenth Year of the' Reign of His present as the Duties, when advanced, should not exceed the Majesty, intituled, "An Act for flunking and establish- Duties thereby granted, and certain Commissioners " ing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, were, by the said Act, authorized to appoint Officers,

" for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of make Bye-Laws and Contracts, but subject to the " Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Controul of the said Company, and also to purchase " Port of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Bason or Lands for the Purposes of the Act, and, if any of " Dock with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other the Lands, so to be purchased, should not be used or " Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using wanted for those Purposes, the Commissioners were " the said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands directed to sell the same, and apply the Money arising " belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain from such Sale to the Use of the Company; and that " Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Company have made a Bason, or Dock, for the " the said Port for those Purposes, and for establishing Reception and Harbouring of Ships and Vessels, exother necessary Regulations within the Town and tending from the River Hull, near to Beverley Gates " Port of Kingston upon Hull," His Majesty was aforesaid, and also a Quay or Wharf; and that, by impowered to appoint open Quays at the Port of the Provisions of the said Act, all Ships (the King’s Kingston upon Lhdl, in the Manner directed by the said Ships of War, and other Ships employed in His Ma-Act; and the Company thereinafter described were jesty’s Service, excepted) that come to the Port of impowered to make a Bason or Dock, to extend from Kingston upon Hull, are liable to pay the Dock Dues, the River Hull to a Place in the said Town called and, the Petitioners conceive, are therefore well en-Beverley Gates, or as near thereto as conveniently titled to receive all the Benefits of the said Act,

might be, and to make the same in all Parts equal in for the Convenience and Accommodation of Trade

Depth to the Bed of the River, or at least within Fif- and Shipping within the Bason, or Dock, intended

teen Inches of the same, for the Admission of loaded by the Act; and that the Trade of the said Port Ships, and of such Width at least as the Ground granted is of late Years so much increased, and the Ship-by the said Act would admit, and such Reservoirs, ping which frequent the same is become so nu-

Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other Works, as should merous, and of such large Dimensions, that those be judged necessary, and also, a Quay or Wharf, of Advantages, for which so great a Consideration is a sufficient Length for the Trade of the said Town paid by each Ship, cannot be obtained in the present and Port, to range alone the Side of the said Dock confined State of the Dock, and, while the Shipping next the Town; and the Mayor and Burgesses of the continues to be so crowded, the cleansing of the Dock said Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brother- is impracticable, and some Vessels Have been prevented hood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity from entering the same, and others detained within House of Kingston upon Hull, and the several Persons it, and retarded in prosecuting their Voyages, and, in whose Names are therein for that Purpose expressed, case of Fire, the most alarming and dangerous Con-and all others who should become Subscribers towards sequences may be apprehended to the whole Shipping the Expence of carrying on the said Works, their and Town of Hull; and that, in case the said Bason Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or Dock should be enlarged and extended, such Losses, together with such other Persons as they, or the major Damages, and Inconveniences might in a great Vol. 42. Measure

432

6° Martii.

A \ 1787.

Measure be prevented, and a more safe and commodious amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed Station be provided for the receiving, harbouring, lading, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present

and unlading of Ships and Vessels resorting to, and trading with, the said Port of Kingston upon and that although, from the erroneous Estimates and Calculations which were formed before the obtaining the said Act, the said Company were thereby enabled,

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation " of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part in Addition to the Royal Grant of the said Military of Great Britain called and setting forth.

Works, and of the said Sum of £. 15,000, to raise no That the Petitioners conceive the present Mode of less than £. 100,000 for carrying on and completing ascertaining the Prices of Coni, and the Importation the Works intended by the Act, yet the Petitioners and Exportation thereof at the Out Ports, are subject are well informed that the whole Money actually ad- to much Abuse, and that the same cannot be so vanced by the Subscribers in the Purchase of Lands, -effectually remedied as by extending the Provisions of making the Dock, Erection of Buildings, and all the Act of the Twenty-first of His present Majesty, other the Purposes of the said Undertaking, did not with respect to the Importation and Exportation of exceed £. 30,000, or £. 250 per Share; and that the Corn into, and out of, the Port of , and the said Company have purchased several Parcels of I-and, Counties of Kent and Essex, to all the other Ports and, in particular, One Parcel, amounting to no less within that Part of Great Britain called England: And than Ten Acres, which, from its Vicinity to the said therefore praying, That it may be enacted, that the Bason or Dock, is of great Value, but a considerable Average Prices of Corn and Grain, as taken in the' Part of it at present lies useless, and is unnecessary London Market, shall regulate the Importation and for any of the Purposes of the Act; and that the Exportation thereof at all the other Ports of that Part Profits to which each Subscriber is entitled, being of Great Britain called England.

granted without any certain Limitation, already produce, ®n an Average, for the Years 1783, 1784, and 1785, a clear Annual Income of £. 29. 15 41 d. for every

Share, which the Petitioners conceive ought to be

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Resolution of the Time for re-

reduced to a limited Yearly Sum, to be fixed for that House, of the 26th Day of January last, " That this ceiving Pets

" House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills |W)n8en’ " after the 9th Day of March next," might be read. ar£e' And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills be enlarged until Friday Sevcnnight, the 16th Day of this Instant March.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names arc there* Petition; unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Weaving Weavers in the City of Edinburgh, the City of Glasgow,

Purpose, and although a Provision is made for the Reduction of the Rates and Duties to be received by virtue of the said Act, yet this Power being left wholly to Parties interested, the Petitioners submit, whether competent Powers and Authorities should not be given to, and vested in, some disinterested Persons as Commissioners, to be appointed for the Purposes last mentioned, and such other Purposes as may be suitable to the Convenience of Trade, and the Ends of public Justice; and that the Rates and Duties which the

useless

Profits of many other Parts of the Real Estate and Kilwinning, 'Renfrew,

Property of the said Company, and also such Parts of hall, Quarrelton, Pollocksher.es,

the said Military Works as remain unapplied to the Part rick, Eaglesham,

Uses of His Majesty’s said Grant, will, the Petitioners Cumbernauld, Barr Head,

apprehend, remain an adequate Fund, not only to Colder,

answer the just and reasonable Profits of the said Brunt is Airdrie, Kilsyth,

Subscribers, but also to satisfy the present urgeut Kirkintilloch, Ayr,

Demands of the Public, and to defray all the Expences Kilbrydc, Stranraer, Port Glasgmr,

attending the proposed new Works, and such other Ddllmellingion, , Saltcoats, Largs,

Things as may be requisite for the Accommodation of Rothsay, New Town of Ayr, New Bcith -

the Trade and Shipping of the said Town and Port, ston, Johnston, Greenock, Inchinnan, Irvine,

conducive to the general Advantage of Commerce, Kihnaurs, Alloa, Bervk, Darnly, Cumnock, Girvan, and the Security of His Majesty’s Revenue: And Rosland, Whitehorn in and others, was pre-

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in a Bill for redressing the said Grievances, and the Petitioners, having often lamented the great Hurt effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Man- the Manufactory in the Weaver Line in Scotland sus-ner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, tains by admitting Apprentices to the Weaver Trade as to the House shall seem meet, or that the Petitioners for One or Two Years, or a little Money, without any may receive such other Relief in the Premises as the Stamp Paper Indentures, all which Practices the Peti-Nature of their Case may require, and the House shall tioners believe not only to be insufficient to instruct judge proper. an Apprentice in the radical Principles of the Weaver

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Trade, but also defrauding to Government, danger-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ous to Trade, and discouraging to the regular-bred

Lm.

iafcj

t

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr.

Tradesmen, for the following Reasons: 1 st. That such Practices have a direct T endency to suppress that Ingenuity which is so absolutely necessary in the various Spencer Stanhope, &c.: And they are to meet To- Branches of Weaving; for, when the Petitioners con-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's sider the Fabrication, Variety, and complicated Nature Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, of the different Branches of this Art, they are in-and Records. duced to believe, that there are few, if any. Mecha-

nical Employments in which there is greater Ne-Petitionre- A Petition of the Merchants, Land Owners, Farmers, cessity for a considerable Practice, under the immedi-ipectingCorn and Cornfactors, residing at or near the Town or ate Charge of a Master, whose Duty and Interest Kegjilauon p^rt of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, ought to be connected with making his Apprentice as ’ ’ and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, expert and intelligent as his Capacity will admit, as

the

H

' L’i

'*%G,

<zjGeo. III. 6° Matitt43

the Petitioners are convinced that no shorter Space Single Letter Six Pence; for every Double Letter* than Four or Five Years are sufficient to instruct an One Shilling; for every Treble Letter, One Shilling Apprentice in the Weaver Trade: 2dly, It is defraud- and Six Pence; and for every Ounce, Two Shillings; ing to Government, as Indentures on Stamp Paper are and so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, frequently omitted to be entered into; which Practice* and other Things.

with others of the same Nature, are not only the im- That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

mediate Cause of Deficiency in His Majesty’s Revenue, That the Monies to arise by the said Duties shall be but of making the other Branches of Manufactories appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses mo/e heavily feel the Weight of Taxation: 3dly, It as the present Rates and Duties of Postage are now or is extremely dangerous to Trade, which will appear ob- shall be respectively made applicable, vious, as such Practices have an immediate Tendency The said Resolutions being severally read a Second to depreciate or lessen the Value of the Goods so exe- Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, cuted, as it is only the Hand of the skilful Artist who agreed to by the House.

gives that decided Superiority to Goods of the same Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Quality, which is the surest Pledge for future De- Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, Mr. mands, as well as the better to enable us to cope with Steele, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor Ge-

otir rival Neighbours; and the Petitioners are conscious to themselves that, were Apprentices bound a proper Space of Time to the Weaver Trade, that the Manufactories in Scotland, in the Weaving Branch, would soo.n come to greater Perfection than they are at present: 4thly, It is discouraging to the regular-bred Tradesman, because, by such Practices, the very End of his Trade, which is to acquire Subsistence for himself and Family, must necessarily be, in some Measure, frustrated: And, the Petitioners conceiving it of great Importance to the Public and to themselves, lo have those Abuses rectified, which cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, there*-fore praying, That 'Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Art and Trade of Weaving, within that Part o f Great Britain called Scotland, under such Rules and Orders as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the t Table.

Ktport Ways Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the and Altana. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which- he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

Militia p«v Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

dCloath- That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Mi-bg. litia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for

One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Report on Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Posug* be- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was retween Great ferred to consider of the Duties of Postage to be paid Britain and for t|*e Conveyance of Letters and Packets, between aterlord. Great Britain and the Port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Way of Milford Haven, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Way of Milford Haven, for every Vox. .42,

neral, do prepare* and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Hurst Green tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in R°ad ' Bill the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, p for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through and Bur-

wash, to the Extent of the said Parish of in

the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairin'!, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of

Bunoash, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to British Fish-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *"f*®j1 upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act made ae err in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the CommittM w-hole House, to take into further Consideration sd on Public much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Account3' Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Steele also acquainted the House, That he w-as directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration sb much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

5S

454

7’ Martii.

A1 1787.

Camptr's Nat. Bill reported.

Mercurii, T die Martii;

Anno 27* Georgii III. U Regis, 1787. Prayers.

IR James Pennyman reported from the Com-

the present Gaol, and it will be necessary to remove the said Prothonotary’s Office, the Record Office of the Court of Exchequer for tlte said County, the Shire Hall of the said County, and several other Buildings, in order to give Room for the Erection of tire said in* tended new Gaol, and for making proper Yards, Ave* nues, Outlets, and other Conveniencies thereto, and such Prothopotary’s Office, Record Room, Shire Hall, and other Buildings, must be rebuilt in some other mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter convenient Situation, within or near to the Castle of EverhardCamper, was committed; That the Com- Chester; and that the Magistrates of the County of mittee bad examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and Chester are not authorized by any Laws now in Force found the same to be true; and that the Committee to remove and re-build, at the public Charge of the had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Inhabitants of the said County, such Buildings as it without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in may be necessary to remove for the Purposes before at the Clerk’s Table. mentioned: Ana therefore praying, That Leave may

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the said

Gaol of the Castle of Chester, and the several other A Petition of Frederick Hippius, was presented to Buildings which it may be necessary to take down NaiPttitmi. the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be and remove for the Purposes before mentioned, and given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. for re-building the same respectively, at the public

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Charge of the Inhabitants of the said County of , according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that and with such further Powers, Provisions, and Regu-Sir James Pennyman and Sir Christopher Sykes do pre- lations, and under such Restrictions, to be contained in pare, and bring in, the same.

Hippivs'k

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, being Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint George, Hanoca' Square, within Petitionee ^ie Liberty of the City of Westminster, and the bumble ported.

St. George, Hanover Square,

the said Bill, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to die Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Kynaston,

Petition of several other Vestrymen of the said Parish, And they are to meet To-mornow Morning, at Nine assembled in Vestry, was referred; That the Com- of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered It in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed viz.

A Petition of certain Land Owners and Freeholders Petition of the Hundred of WirraU, in the County of Chester, a8&in*t whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also, R^bUiB. A Pethioa of -certain Farmers and Occupiers of

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Land in the Hundred of WinvU, in the County of

Benjamin Clarkson being examined, sail, That the present Workhouse for the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, has been found much too small, said in many other Respects incommodious and improper for the Reception of all the Poor of the said Parish — That a Committee, who were appointed for that Purpose, had endeavoured to find and purchase a Plot of Ground in the said Parish, whereon to erect an additional Workhouse, but not being able so to -do. had purchased a House in Little Chelsea, which they had fitted qp for that Purpose; but ns foe House is not situated within foe said Parish, Doubts have arisen touching foe Power of purchasing and fitting -of it -up, but that such Purchase is much for the Benefit of foe Parish. — And the Witness added, That there are at present upwards of One hundred Poor Persons maintained in foe said House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming foe Purchase of a House situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Workhouse

Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for erecting a Turnpike an sane of the principal Roads withtn -the said Hundred, particularly on foe Read from the City of Chester to the Ferries leading to pool: And praying, That foe said Bill may art pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon foe Table, -until the Report be received from the Committee, to whew the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owaere of Land, and Residents within foe County <of Chester, and County of the City of Cluster, or One of them, is referred.

Mr. Watherston presented to foe House, according Chandler'* to Order, a Bill for naturalizing -George Chandler am Nat-Maria Chandler: And the same was received; and presen

for the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster: read the First Time.

And that Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Hunt, and Sir George How- Rosobced, That the . Bill be read a Second Time.

ard, do prqparq, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Webb reported from foe Committee, to -whom Chester Gaol A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names foe Petition of the several Persons whose -Names are Petition. are thereunto subscribed, being Justices acting under thereunto -subscribed, Trustees appointed in atnd by-the Commission of the Peace for the County Palatine virtue of tan Act of Parliament passed in the First of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Year of the iReign of His present Majesty, intituled, tiqg forth, That foe Gaol for the County of Chester An Act for continuing and amending an Actjnads

is become ruinous, and unsafe for the Custody of Prisoners, and it is proposed to take down the same, and to build a new Gaol upon, or near to, the Scite of the present Gaol, -and v^pon certain other Ground, and the

" in the 'Sixteenth Year of his kite Majesty’s Reign, " for repairing foe Highways from the City of " setter to foe Top of Mrdlip Hill, and from the Soot Of foe said Hill to foe Top of Orickky Hill;" and

Scite of several Buddings adjoining thereto; and that of Samuel Csmmelinc, of foeCity of Gloucester, Esquire, the Prothonotary’s Office, where the Records of the Mortgagee of the Tolfe arising ’from the said Turn* said County Palatine are kept, is situate over a Part of pike Ronds, was inferred; Tint the Committee had

9 -examined,

27 Geo. III.

7° Martii.

435

;i I'M

r

.M

nr:,

b

A

k

t

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Henry Wilton being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of 2,300 of the said Samuel Commeline, which Money now remains due. — That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the said Money cannot he repaid, nor the Roads kept jo Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further enlarged, and some Alterations and Amendments mnde therein. — And the Witness added. That it is proposed to take a Double Toll on all Horses and Carriages passing through foe Turnpikes on Sundays.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Ronds from the City of Gloucester to the Top of and from foe Foot of foe said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill: And that Mr. Webb and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Netheravon A Petition of William Beach, J Esquire, Lord of die

Petition? 8everaJ Manors, or reputed Manors^ of Netheravon Lamberts, and Netheravon Compiles, within foe Parish of Nethemm, in the County of Wilts, the Reverend JZdward bmps, Clerk, Prebendary of foe Prebend of Netheravon aforesaid, founded in the Cathedral Church of Sarum, foe Reverend Bfllgh Smith, Clerk, Vicar of foe Parish of Netheravon, aforesaid, Thomas Dyke, Esquire, James ComptonTfunnas Her ye, Henry Wittiam Sutton, and thie several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and proprietors ,of Lands And Common Rights wifo'm fop said Parish, was presented to foe House, and read.; Setting forth, That there are, within foe stud Parish, several Open end Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Laodq, containing, in foe Whole, about 3,30.0 Acres; and font the Lands of foe Petitioner^, and others, ^Owners and Proprietors in foe said Common Fields, Open Downs, and Common Xands, jip intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation ore incapable of any xonsiderable Improvement and it would he very advantageous to foe several Persons interested therein, and . in foe said Common Pastures And Waste Lands, if foe same were divided and allotted (to apd amongst foe several Proprietors in specific Shares, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ^effectuating the purposes above-mentioned, with such ^Clauses, and under such Regulations, as to the House foall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said 'Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and %ring in, the same.

Dfbtow

Petition.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in Jiuthin Goal, was presented *to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Oi'dertfl, That the said Petition do lie upon foe

'Table.

Cert Navi- A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council »f gation Peti- foe Burgh of Paisley, jp the County ms

*» . Vo*. 42.

presented to the House, and rc^d; Setting forth, That many useful and extensive Manufactures are established in the said Burgh, to foe great Advantage of fop Persons engaged therein, and of the Public; and that the River Cart, which runs through the said Burgh, and falls into the River Clyde, about Two Miles therefrom, is at present navigable only for small Boats in Floods, or Spring Tides, and even then with much Difficulty and Hazard; and, by a Survey lately made, it appears, that, if the said River was properly deepened from the Sneddon Bridge, at or near the said Burgh, to its Junction with foe liiyer Clyde, and a Canal or Cut made past the East End ot Bridge, and across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock, with a Drawbridge over the same, the Navigation of the said River would become safo and easy, which would be of great Advantage, not only to the Trade and Manufactures of the said Burgh, bu.t to the Country in general; and that the Petitioners are willing to undertake, at their own Expence, dip said Work, if they, and their Successors in Office, were empowered to deepen the said River, to make the said Canal, and Drawbridge, to set out Towing Paths, to erect Jettees, tp build Wharfs and Quays, to levy Tolls on Goods and Vessels passing on the said River and Canal, and to borrow Money Sufficient for defraying the Expences thereof, either on the Security of the said Tolls, or of the Revenue of the said Burgh: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill for the above Purposes, with such further and other Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as jt shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sharp Sleziwrt, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet To-inorrovy Morning, at Niue of the Clock, in foe Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, -Papers, and Records.

A Petition of foe Mayor, Bailiffs, apd Burgees of Petition the Borough of Cambridge, was presented to foe House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for foe more easy and speedy Xlecovery of Srpalj Debts, with in the Town of Cambridge, and foe Hundreds ,of Chestertqy,

Fiendish, Stamp, Northstow, South or Longstow, J worth, Wetherley, Armingjord, Triplow, Whittiexford,

Chilford, Staplow, Chepeley, and llatfjeld, in the County of Cambridge; and Setting forth, That foe ^aid Bill Contains divers Powers ana Regulations, which are not only a direct Infringement of the Charter Rights of foe Petitioners, hut would, if passed into a Law, be ‘highly prejudicial to the Trade apd Commerce of fop said Borough, and foe other Places mentioned in foe said Bill, and oppressive on the lower Class of 'People residing within the same: And therefore praying, Tfoit they may be beard, by themselves or Counsel,' against such Parts of the said Bill as may effect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that foe Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to foe House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Tinge.

Mr. Minchin reported from foe Committee, to 'fop.to foe Petition of several Trustees, appointed to ppt in Bridge Roads Execution AO Act ,of Parliament made in foe piffo Year of fop Reign of His present Majesty Ring George

foe _ Thirfo intituled, "An Act for repairing apd " widening foe Roads from Neyber Bndge to foe " Passage at ShaUdon, apd from foe ;said Bridge to foe " Pisr, pr Harbour of Torlcey, in foe County of Pps0ty was (referred; That foe Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of foe HoHSft of fop

25th

436

Martii.

A. 1787*

25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Philip Matthav being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and that there is'' now due and owing upon the Credit thereof, the Sum of £. 1,350, which'Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That the present Tolls being very inadequate for the Purposes of the said Act, it is proposed to raise the Tolls One Third upon all Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit Carriages, but not upon Horses. therein, and also relieve the Poor, who are much dis-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to tressed by the heavy Expences now incurred when any enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Actions are brought against them for Small Debts, by Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Reason of their Distance from the County Court: repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, and from the said bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Small Debts within the several Towns and Parishes

Petition.

The Lords have agreed to Goring Inclosure Bill.

Agreed to.

Managers

appointed.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Trades- Ongar.&e. men residing in the several Hundreds of Ongar and Small D'bt* Harloiv, and the Half-hundred of Waft ham, in the County of Essex, and in the several Market Towns and Parishes within the said Hundreds and Half-hundred, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That several extensive Branches of Trade and Business are carried on in the said Hundreds and Halfhundred, and the Towns and Parishes therein, and many Persons within the said Towns and Parishes contract Small Debts, and, although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Tradesmen lie under from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on Account of the great Expence and Delays which attend the same; and that an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Towns and Parishes will tend greatly to promote

encourage " ' ~

The Lords desire a Conference.

of Devon: And that Mr. M Mr. Bastard, and Mr. Rolle, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Commons, Linchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground, intermixed with or adjoining to the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the county of ; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Conference on the 23d Day of February last.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Sir George

Augustus William Shuckburgh, Sir William Mr.

lying within the said Hundreds and Half-hundred, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet. - -

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And thai they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Strutt, &c.': And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber J and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufac- Petition, hirers, Shopkeepers, arid other Inhabitarits of the Town agfnstCow* of Nottingham: And also, terfc,tC<"-

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto, subscribed* on Behalf of themselves and others, the Merchants,

Traders, Manufacturers, and others, within the City and County of Worcester-,

Were severally presented to the House, arid read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying, That the House will take the Circumstances of their Petitions into Consideration,♦ and provide such Remedies for the Relief of the Petitipners, and the Benefit of the Public, as shall be thought most adviseable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account;

Account of the Number of Rendezvous established in ®*nd«w»

for raiiiag

Robert Smith, and Mr. Lascelles, be added to the said Great Britain and Ireland, for the Purpose of raising

Conference. reported.

Men for the Navy; the Number of Men raised, and ordered. Expence incurred, at each Rendezvous, from the 1st of June 1770 to the 31st of March 1771.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, Copies Papers, fa. of all Persian Correspondence, not hitherto- delivered wlatijg " in, relative to the internal State and Condition of the Province of Oude and its Dependencies, and concerning the Reigning Family thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Attorney General reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the' Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council, who acquainted them, that the Lords, having taken into their Consideration the Resolutions And Address to His Majesty, communicated

by this House to their Lordships, at a Conference Account of all Remittances, in Treasure or in Bills, to on Friday the 23d Day of February last, have agreed Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of to the said Resolutions, and also to the said Address, Bengal, from Calcutta or the Province of Oude, during by filling up the Blank therein with " Lords Spiritual his Absence from Calcutta in the Year 1781, and the " and Temporal and." Account-given by him of the Expenditure of the same.

Ordered,

C;--.

If.

ies

IQ

at

he

of

to

:ry

aii

ote

.i:

"J

u

irt:

to

ay

jft

oil

2B

it*

iu!

alt

fit* —

1*3

b

si

3f

i;

ce-

il*

ii:i

idI

id

flA*

t.v i&

H?vp

md

;ot

lies Fi?’ re

n

to

of

ie

4

27 Geo. III. 7 Mar. 437

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Time of the Receipt, by the Paymaster General at Luckn, of an Advance by Beg Caxcn, the Acting Minister of the Nabob of Oude, of Ten Lacks of Rupees, mentioned by barren Hastings, Esquire, in his Letter from Lucknow, the 30th April 1784, for the Subsistence of Troops stationed in the Tapper Provinces, together with an Account of the Expenditure of the same, and the Vouchers for them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Payments made by the Acting Minister at Lucknow, from the Time of the Arrival of Warren Hastings, Esquire, till the Time of his Departure from thence, together with an Account of their Expenditure, and the Vouchers for them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Advances or voluntary Contributions, mentioned to have been made by Almas All Khan in the several Letters of the Governor General from Lucknow, specifying the Time in which the said Advances have been severally made, and through what Channels.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums supplied to the Presidency of Bombay and its Dependencies, by Bills from Lucknow, drawn by Order of Wari'en Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, or any Officers or Residents in Oude, between January 1784 and 1785, specifying

the Dates of- the Bills, the Places from whence dated, when drawn, at what Sight, and how payable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money, paid from the Company’s Treasury at Lucknow, for the Use of Regiments stationed in the Upper Provinces, during the Residence of Warren Hastings, Esquire, there, in the Year 1784.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Pay and Arrears due to the Regiments , stationed in the Upper Provinces, from the 1st of January 1784, to the Time Warren Hastings, Esquire, quitted Lucknow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money received upon the Company’s Assignments, or in Liquidation of the Nabob’s Debts, during the Residence of Warren Hastings, Esquire, at Lucknow, not including the Sums above-mentioned.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums charged for Durbar Charges by Warren Hastings, Esquire, during his Residence in the Upper Provinces in the Year 1784, together with the Particulars thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Return to the Order, made by the Governor General and Council of the 15th February 1785, relative to the Debt due to Gopaul Doss, Banker of Benares.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been received at Calcutta as a Remittance from, or by the Order, or under the Authority of, Warren Hastings, Esquire, from Lucknow, from his Arrival at the City of Lucknow to the Time of his leaving the same, and what Part of the Sums so received hath been in Cash, and what Part in Bills, on what Account the same was remitted, through what Channels, the Sight at which the said several Bills were drawn, the Time when paid, and in what Manner.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ' Account of any Arrear on the due Payment of his Instalments, incurred by Almas All Khan, on or before the 30th Day of April 1784.

Charge The House was moved, That the Order made upon

Hastings Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to Vo l. 42.

consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren W 1

ings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant, March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Insolvent the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bi® Bankrupts, in certain Cases: And that Mr. Alderman, or ere Sawbridge and Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in, the same.

ft

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was simplifying referred to- take into Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various \

Branches of the Revenue.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read ini his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all and singular the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, or Duties whatever (respecting the Revenues of Customs) payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into Great Britain, or upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Great Britain, or upon any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, being brought or earned Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the same, and the several and respective Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, respecting the Duties of Customs, and all and singular the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise . in England and Scotland, respectively, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and also, thp additional Imposts or Duties charged upon the Product and Amount of the said several Duties of Customs and Excise, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or allowed, except in all Cases relating to the recovering or allowing any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, and except the Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, or Perry, granted by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also except the Rates or Duties payable for any Licence or Licences which the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, or any or either of them, or the Collectors, Supervisors, or Officers of Excise, or any of them, are, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, authorized or impowered to grant; and that new Duties of Customs and Excise be granted in lieu of the said Duties which shall so cease and determine.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Dozen of rough Agates, as small as a Beau, imported into this Kingdom.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Dozen of rough Agates, as small as a Bean, exported from this,

Kingdom.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

5 T That

438 7° Martii. A. 1787.

Report on That a t)uty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon the^Public5 every Piece of large rough Agate imported into this Accounts. Kingdom.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Piece of large rough Agate exported from this Kingdom.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Alum imported into this Kingdom.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Alum exported from this Kingdom.

8. Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Amber imported into this Kingdom.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Amber exported from this Kingdom.

to. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Amber imported by the East India Company into this Kingdom.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Amber, having been imported by the East India Company into this Kingdom.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Annotto imported into this Kingdom.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Bushel of Apples imported into this Kingdom.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Bushel of Apples exported from this Kingdom.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Bushel of dried Apples imported into this Kingdom.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Bushel of dried Apples exported from this Kingdom.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Argoil imported into this Kingdom.

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Pearl Ashes imported into this Kingdom.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Pot Ashes imported into this Kingdom.

20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon ‘every One hundred Weight of Sope Ashes imported into this Kingdom.

21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be, charged upon every One hundred Weight of Weed Ashes imported into this Kingdom.

22. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Wood Ashes imported into this Kingdom.

23. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Seven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bacon imported into this Kingdom.

24. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence, be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Bacon exported from this King* dotn.

25. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Washing Balls imported into this Kingdom.

26. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Barilla imported into this Kingdom.

27. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed upon cveity One hundred Weight of Barilla exported from this Kingdom.

28. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Bundle of Basket Hods, being Three Feet about the Band, imported into this Kingdom.

29. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Bundle of Basket Rods, being Three Feet about the Band, exported from this Kingdom.

30. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Hand Baskets imported into this Kingdom.

31. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Hand Baskets exported from this Kingdom.

32. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence he charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bast Ropes imported into this Kingdom.

33. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence, be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Battery imported into this Kingdom.

34. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Battery exported from this Kingdom.

35. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Amber Beads imported into this Kingdom.

36. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Amber Beads exported from this Kingdom.

37. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Chrystal Beads imported into this Kingdom.

38. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Chrystal Beads exported from this Kingdom.

39. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Coral Beads imported into this Kingdom.

40. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Two

~ Pence

Geo. III.

7° Martii.

439

Penqe be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Coral Beads exported from this Kingdom.

41. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Jet Beads imported into this Kingdom-

42. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Penoe be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Jet Beads exported from this Kingdom.

43. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings be charged upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons, of Spruce Beer, imported into this Kingdom.

44. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings be allowed upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons, of Spruce Beer, exported from this Kingdom.

45. Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons, of all other Sorts of Beer, or Ale, imported into this Kingdom.

46. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings be allowed upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons, of all other Sorts of Beer, or Ale, exported from this Kingdom.

47. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bell Metal imported into this Kingdom.

48. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Bell Metal exported from this Kingdom.

49. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Berries for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

50. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Singing Birds imported into this Kingdom.

51. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Singing Birds, exported from this Kingdom.

52. Resotped, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Blacking imported into this Kingdom.

53. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Blacking exported from this Kingdom.

54. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Farthing be charged upon every Dozen of Bladders imported into this Kingdom.

55. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Dozen of Bladders exported from this Kingdom.

5 6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bound Books imported into this Kingdom.

57. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Unbound Books imported into this Kingdom.

58. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Vot, 48.

mittee, That a Duty of Four Penoe be charged upon every Pound Weight of Botargo imported into this Kingdom.

59. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Botargo exported from this Kingdom.

60. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Bottles of Earth, or Stone, imported into this Kingdom.

61. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Dozen of Bottles of Earth, or Stone, exported from this Kingdom.

62. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings be charged Upon every Dozen Quarts of Glass Bottles, covered with Wicker, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Quarts of Glass Bottles, covered with Wicker, exported from this Kingdom.

64. Resolved , That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Dozen Quarts of Glass Bottles, or Flasks, imported into this Kingdom.

65. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Bowls, or Buckets, of Wood imported into this Kingdom.

66. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Bowls, or Buckets, of Wood exported from this Kingdom.

67. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Threepence be charged upon every Gross of Nest Boxes, containing Twelve Dozen Nests, each Nest containing Eight Boxes, imported into this Kingdom.

68. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Gross of Nest Boxes, containing Twelve Dozen Nests, each Nest containing Eight Boxes, exported from this Kingdom.

69. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Gross of Pill Boxes, containing Twelve Dozen Nests, each Nest containing Four Boxes, imported into this Kingdom.

70. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon every Gross of Pill Boxes, containing Twelve Dozen Nests, each Nest containing Four Boxes, exported from this Kingdom.

71. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Gross of Sand Boxes, containing Twelve Dozen Boxes, imported into this Kingdom.

72. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven Pence lie allowed upon every Gross of Sand Boxes, containing Twelve Dozen Boxes, exported, from this Kingdom.

73. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Gross of Glass Bracelets or Necklaces, containing Twelve Bundles Dickers, each Bundle or Dicker containing Ten Necklaces, imported into this Kingdom.

74. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Six

Pence

Ripott ot» simpUfyiac thsPali* AaoMfitt.

Ktporton simplifying tU Public Accpunts,

Martii.

A\ 1787.

Pence be allowed upott evci’y Gross Of Glass Bracelets or Necklaces, containing Twelve Bundles or Dickers, each Bundle or Dicker containing Ten Necklaces, exported from this Kingdom.

75. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bread, or Bisduit, imported into this Kingdom.

76. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-1 mittee, That , a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Bread, or Biscuit, exported from this Kingdom.

77*. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Brim-. stone imported into this Kingdom.

78. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of . Brimstone exported from this Kingdom.

79. Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of drest Bristles imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

80. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of drest Bristles of Muscovy, or Russia, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

81. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of drest Bristles exported from this Kingdom.

82. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of rough, or undrest, Bristles imported into this Kingdom in BrhwA-built Ships.

83. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comr mittee, That a Duty of Ope Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of rough, or undrest, Bristles of Muscovy, or Russia, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

84. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One.Shilling and Three JPence be allowed upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of rough, or undrest, Bristles exported from this Kingdom.

85. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Farthing be charged upon every Dozen of Flag Brooms, or Wisk Brooms, imported into this Kingdom.

86. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Dozen of Flag Brooms, or Wisk Brooms, exported from this-Kingdom.

87. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Seven Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Great Bugle imported into this Kingdom.

88. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Great Bugle exported from this Kingdom.

89. . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Great Bugle imported into this Kingdom, to be Warehoused.

90. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Great Bugle, 50 Warehoused, when taken out to be used in this Kingdom.

91. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Seven.

Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of small, or seed, Bugle imported into this Kingdom.

92. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and live Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of small, or seed, Bugle exported from this Kingdom.

93. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon ev.ery> Pound Weight of small, or seed, Bugle imported into this Kingdom, to be Warehoused.

- 94. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Fivp Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of small, or seed, Bugle, so Warehoused, when taken out to be used in this Kingdom.

95. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this- Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings . ami Five Pence be charged- upon every Load, containing Sixty-three Bundles, of Bull Rushes, imported- into this Kingdom.

96- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Load, containing Sixty-three Bundles, of Bull Rushes, exported from this Kingdom.

97. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Eive Score,' of Burrs for Mill Stones, imported into this Kingdom.

98. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Burrs for Mill Stones, exported from'this Kingdom.

99. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred WTcight of Butter imported into this Kingdom.

100. Resolved, That it is tl»c Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Butter exported from this Kingdom.

101. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cables, tarred or untarred, imported into this Kingdom.

102. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Calves Velves, to make Rennett, imported into this Kingdom.

103. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Calves Velves, to make Rennett, exported from this Kingdom.

104. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Tallow Candles imported into this Kingdom.

105. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Spermu-cceti Candles imported into this Kingdom.

106. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Wax Candles imported by the East India Company into this Kingdom.

107. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Wax Candles imported into this Kingdom, except by the East India Company.

108, Resolved,

27 Geo. III. 70 Martii. 441

10S. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- charged upon every Dozen Packs of Playing Cards im- Report on

mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Twelve Shillings ported into this Kingdom. simplifying

and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hun- 125. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- PuWlc dred Weight of Candlewick imported into this mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings and Accounte’ Kingdom. Nine Pence be charged upon every Square Yard of

109. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Persia Carpets imported into this. Kingdom by the East mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eight Shil- India Company.

lings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of 126. That it is the Opinion of this Cora-

Candlewick exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Three Shil-

110. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- lings and Seven Pence be allowed upon the Exporta-

mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon tion of every Square Yard of Persia Carpets, having every One Thousand of Reed Canes imported into this been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Kingdom. Company.

111. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 127. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Nine mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings be Pence be allowed upon every One Thousand of Reed charged upon every Turkey Carpet, containing Four

Canes exported from this Kingdom. Yards Square, or upwards, imported into this King-

112. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- dom.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds One Shilling and 128. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Three Pence be charged upon every One Thousand of mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds be allowed Walking Canes imported by the East India Company upon every Carpet, containing Four Yards Square,

into this Kingdom. or upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

113. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 129. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds be allowed mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three upon the Exportation of every One Thousand of Walk- Pence be charged upon every Turkey Carpet, coning Canes, having been imported into this Kingdom by taining less than Four Yards Square, imported into this the East India Company. Kingclom.

114. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 130. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eighteen Shillings mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Six and Six Pence be charged upon every One Thousand of Pence be allowed upon every Turkey Carpet, contain-Walking Canes imported into this Kingdom, except by ing less than Four Yards Square, exported from this the East India Company. Kingdom.

115. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 131. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw back of One Pound Seventeen mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three Pence Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon the Ex- be charged upon every Ton of empty Casks imported portation of every One Thousand of Walking Canes, into this Kingdom.

except such as are imported by the East India Cora- 132. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Company. mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Six

116. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cora- Pence be allowed upon every Ton of empty Casks ex-mittee, That a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Three ported from this Kingdom.

Pence be charged upon every One Thousand of Rat- 133. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-tans imported by the East India Company into this mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence Kingdom. be charged upon every Gross, containing Twelve

117. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Dozen Knots, of Catlings imported into this King-mittee, That a Drawback of Eighteen Shillings be allow-- dom.

ed upon the Exportation of every One Thousand of 134. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

Rattans, having been imported by the East India Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two

pany into this Kingdom. Pence be allowed upon every Gross, containing

118. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Twelve Dozen Knots, of Catlings exported from this mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence Kingdom.

be charged upon every One Thousand of Rattans 135. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-imported into this Kingdom, except by the East India mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence Company. be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Caviar

119. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and Three 13G. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coin-

Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven Thousand of Rattans, except such as are imported by Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of the East India Company. Caviar exported from this Kingdom.

120. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 137. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be upon every Dozen of Cans of Wood imported into this charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cheese,

Kingdom. - not being the Produce of Ireland, imported into this

121. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Draw back of Ten Pence be allowed . 138. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

upon every Dozen of Cans of Wood exported from this mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence Kingdom. be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cherries

122. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon 139. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Capers imported into this mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven Kingdom. Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of

123. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Cherries exported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed 140. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon every Pound Weight of Capers exported from this mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Seventeen Shillings Kingdom. and Five Pence be charged upon every Yard of Woollen

124. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Cloth imported into this Kingdom.

mittee. That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling be 141. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Vo u.42. 5 U mittee,

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

444 70 Martii. A. 1787.

mittee, That & Drawback of One Pbund Thirteen Shil- Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight lings and One Penny be allowed upon every Yard of of Cork exported from this Kingdom.

Woollen Cloth exported from this Kingdom. 158. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

142. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling be every Gross of Corks, ready made, imported into this charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Kingdom.

Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Coals imported into 159- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon

143. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Gross of Corks, ready made, exported from this mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon Kingdom.

every Pound Weight of Cochineal imported into this 160. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings be

144. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- charged upon every Quarter of Barley imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon Kingdom, w hen the Price thereof shall be under Twenty-every Pound Weight of Comfits imported into this four Shillings the Quarter.

Kingdom. 161. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

145. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings ber mittee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed allowed upon the Exportation of every Quarter of such upon every Pound Weight ef Comfits exported from Barley.

this Kingdom. 162. That it is the Opinion of this Com-

146. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every

mittee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon Quarter of Barley imported into this Kingdom, when the every One hundred Weight of Copper Ore imported Brice thereof shall be at or above Twenty-four Shillings into this Kingdom. the Quarter.

147. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- .163. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings be upon every One hundred Weight of Copper Ore exported charged upon every Quarter of Beans imported into this from this Kingdom. Kingdom, when the Price thereof shall be under Thirty-

148. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- two Shillings the Quarter.

mittee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence be 164. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-charged upon every One hundred Weight of unwrought mittee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings be al-Copper; videlicet, Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, lowed upon the Exportation of every Quarter of such Copper Coin, and all Cast Copper, imported into this Beans.

Kingdom. 165. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

149. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Three every Quarter of Beans imported into this Kingdom, when Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of the Price thereof shall be at or above Thirty-two Shilling* unwrought Copper; videlicet. Copper Bricks, Rose Cop- the Quarter.

per, Copper Coin, and all Cast Copper, exported from 16G. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings be

150. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- charged upon every Quarter of Beer or Bigg imported mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings be charged upon into this Kingdom, when the Price thereof shall be under every One hundred Weight of Copper in Plates, un- Twenty-four Shillings the Quarter.

wrought, imported into this Kingdom. 167. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coro-

151. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings be al-mittee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and Nine lowed upon the Exportation of every Quarter of such Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight Beer or Bigg.

of Copper in Plates, unwrought, exported from this 168. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coin-Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon

152. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Quarter of Beer or Bigg imported into this King-mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds and Two Pence doin, when the Price thereof shall be at or above Twenty-be charged upon every One hundred Weight of four Shillings the Quarter.

Copper, Part wrought; videlicet, Bars, Rods, or In- 169. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-gots, hammered or raised, imported into this King- mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon dom. every Quarter of Indian Com or Maize imported into

153. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- this Kingdom, when the Price of Barley shall be under mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Seventeen Shil- Twenty-four Shillings the Quarter.

lings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred 170. That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Weight of Copper, Part wrought; videlicet, Bars, mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings be allowed Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, exported from this upon the Exportation of every Quarter of such Indian Kingdom. Corn or Maize.

154. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 171. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every charged upon every One hundred Weight of Green Cop- Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize imported into this peras imported into this Kingdom. Kingdom, when the Price of Barley shall be at or above

155. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Twenty-four Shillings the Quarter.

mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Six Pence 172. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Combe charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cordage mittee. That a Duty of Six Shillings and Seven Pence be imported into this Kingdom. charged upon every Quarter of Oats imported into this

156. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom, when the Price thereof shall be under Sixteen mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence Shillings the Quarter.

be charged upon every One hundrcdWeight of Cork 173. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Com-; imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven

157- Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Quarter mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and of such Oats.

7 174. Resoked,

27 Geo. III. 7* Martiu 443

174. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 190. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven every Quarter of Oats imported into this Kingdom, Pence be charged upon every One Thousand of Cuttle

when the Price thereof shall be at, or above, Sixteen Bones imported into this Kingdom.

Shillings the Quarter. 191. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

175. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Three

mittee, That a Duty of Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One Thousand of Cuttle

Pence be charged upon every Quarter of Pease im- Bones exported from this Kingdom.

polled into this Kingdom, when the Price thereof shall 192. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe under Thirty-two Shillings the Quarter. mittee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence

176. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six mittee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Four Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Cinders imported into Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every this Kingdom.

Quarter of such Pease. 193. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com*

177. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Six

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence bo charged upon Pence be charged upon every Pair of Dice imported

every Quarter of Pease imported into this Kingdom, into this Kingdom.

when the Price thereof shall be at, or above, Thirty-two 194* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Shillings the Quarter. mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence

178. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Yard of Plain White Di-mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings be mity imported by the East India Company into this charged upon every Quarter of Rye imported into Kingdom.

this Kingdom, when the Price thereof shall be under 195* Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Thirty-two Shillings the Quarter. mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Pounds Ten Shil-

179. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-' lings be charged for every One hundred Pounds of

mittee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings be the true and real Value of all Plain White Dimities,

allowed upon the Exportation of every Quarter of according to the Gross Price at which the same shall such Rye. be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Com-

180. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-' pany.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence lie charged 196. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon every Quarter of Rye imported into this King- mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Five dom, w hen the Price thereof shall be at, or above, Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Yard Thirty-two Shillings the Quarter. of Plain White Dimity, having been imported by the

181. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- East India Company into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings 197* That it is the Opinion of this Com-

and Three Pence, be charged upon every Quarter of mittee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Pounds Ten Wheat imported into this Kingdom, w hen the Price Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds thereof shall be under Forty-eight Shillings the of the true and real Value of all such Plain White Quarter. Dimities, according to the Gross Price at which the

182. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the mittee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Shillings and East India Company, exported from this Kingdom to Three Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of -Africa.

every Quarter of such Wheat. 198. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

183. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Pounds Fifteen

mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged* upon Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of every Quarter of Wheat imported into this Kingdom, the true and real Value of all such Plain White Dimities, when the Price thereof shall be at, or above, Forty- according to the Gross Price at which the same shall eight Shillings the Quarter. have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East

184. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Company, exported from this Kingdom ’ to the

mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings British Colonies or Plantations in America.

and Three Pence, be charged upon every Quarter of 199* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Wheat Flour imported into this. Kingdom, when the mittee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Pounds Ten Price of Wheat shall be under Forty-eight Shillings Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds the Quarter. of the true and real Value of all such Dimities, ac-

185. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- cording to the Gross Price at which the same shall

mittee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Shillings and have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Three Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Company, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts Quarter of such Wheat Flour. ' or Places beyond the Seas (except the British Colo-

186'. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- nics or Plantations in America) if the said Goods shall mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in this every One hundred Weight of Wheat Flour imported Kingdom.

into this Kingdom, when the Price of Wheat shall be at, 200. That it is the Opinion of this Comer above, Forty-eight Shillings the Quarter. mittee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Pounds Ten

187. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of

mittee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon the true and real Value of all such Dimities, according every Gallon of Pickled Cucumbers imported into this to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been Kingdom. publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company,

188. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- exported from this Kingdom to any Parts or Places

mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence Halfpenny beyond the Seas (except to Africa, and the British be allowed upon every Gallon of Pickled Cucumbers Colonies and Plantations in America) if the said Goods exported from this Kingdom. shall be exported from this Kingdom without having

189. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- been printed, stained, painted, or dyed therein,

mittee, That a Duty of Fifteen Shillings and Nine 201. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Pence be charged upon every Chalder, containing mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Culm im- every Pound Weight of Down imported into this ported into this Kingdom. Kingdom in British-buWt Ships.

Vol. 42. 202. Resolved\

Report on simplifying the Public Accounta*

444 l" Martii A. 1787.

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

202. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Down, of the Produce of Muscovy or Russia, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

203. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Down exported from this Kingdom.

204. Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Acacia imported into this Kingdom.

205. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Acacia exported from this Kingdom.

206. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Acorus imported into this Kingdom.

207. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Acorus exported from this Kingdom.

208. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Adianthum Album imported into this Kingdom.

209. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Adianthum Album exported from this Kingdom.

210. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Adianthum Nigrum imported into this Kingdom.

211. Resolved, That it is the Opinion-of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Adianthum Nigrum exported from this Kingdom.

212. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Agarick imported into this Kingdom.

213. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Agnus Castus Seeds imported into this Kingdom.

214. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Agnus Castus Seeds exported from this Kingdom.

215. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Alchermes Syrup imported into this Kingdom.

216. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Alchermes Syrup exported from this Kingdom.

217. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Ounce Weight of Alchermes Confectio imported into this Kingdom.

218. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Ounce Weight of Alchermes Confectio exported from this Kingdom.

219. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Alkanet lloots imported into tin's Kingdom.

220. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed

upon every Pound Weight of Alkanet Roots exported from this Kingdom.

221. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fourteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bitter Almonds imported into this Kingdom.

222. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Bitter Almonds exported from this Kingdom.

223. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Aloes Cicotrina imported into this Kingdom.

224. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Aloes Cicotrina exported from this Kingdom.

225. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a, Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Aloes Epatica imported into this Kingdom.

226. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Aloes Epatica exported from this Kingdom.

227. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Alum Ronish, or Roch, imported into this Kingdom. 1

228. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Alum Ronish, or Roch, exported from this Kingdom.

229. Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of tins Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Alumen Plume imported into this Kingdom. ’

230. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Alumen Plume exported from this Kingdom.

231. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Ambergrease Black, or Grey, imported into this Kingdom.

232. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Ounce Troy of Ambergrease Black, or Grey, exported from this Kingdom.

233. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Ambra Liquida imported into this Kingdom.

234. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Ambra Liquida exported from this Kingdom.

235. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Aineos Seeds imported into this Kingdom.

23(5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Amcos Seeds exported from this Kingdom.

237. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Amomi Seeds imported into this Kingdom.

238. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Amomi Seeds exported from this Kingdom.

239. Resolved,

7 Geo. III. 70 Martii. 445

239. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee) That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Anacardium imported into this Kingdom.

240. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed Upon every Pound Weight of Anacardium exported from this Kingdom.

241. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Angelica imported into this Kingdom.

242. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Angelica exported from this Kingdom.

243. Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence, be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Antimonium Crudum imported into this Kingdom.

244. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Antimonium Praeparatum, or Stibium, imported into this Kingdom.

245. llesolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a- Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Antimonium Praeparatum, or Stibium, exported from this Kingdom.

246. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Aqua Fortis imported into this Kingdom.

247. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Argentum Sublime, or Quicksilver, imported into this Kingdom.

248. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Argentum Sublime,. or Quicksilver, exported from this Kingdom.

249. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Aristolochia imported into this Kingdom.

250. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Aristolochia exported from this Kingdom.

251. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Arsnick, White or Yellow, or Rosalgar, imported into this Kingdom.

252. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Asarum Roots imported into this Kingdom.

253. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Asarum Roots exported from this Kingdom.

2,54. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Aspalthus imported into this Kingdom.

255. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Aspalthus exported from this Kingdom.

25 b. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Assa-foetida imported into this Kingdom.

Vo 1.. 42.

257. Resolved, Tlrat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Assa-foetida exported from this Kingdom.

258. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three fence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Auriculae Judae imported into this Kingdom.

259. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Auriculae Judae exported from this Kingdom.

260. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Bacca Alkakengi imposed into this Kingdom.

261. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Bacca Alkakengi exported from this Kingdom.

262. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Balaustium imported into this Kingdom.

263. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Balaustium exported from this Kingdom.

264. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Artificial Balsam imported into this Kingdom.

265. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Artificial Balsam exported from this Kingdom.

266. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-npittee, That, a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Balsam Copaivae imported into this Kingdom.

267. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Balsam Copaivae exported from this Kingdom.

268. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Natural Balsam imported into this Kingdom.

269. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Natural Balsam exported from this Kingdom.

270. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Barbadoes Tar imported info this Kingdom.

271. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Barbadoes Tar exported from this Kingdom.

272. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Barley hulled, or Pearl Barley, imported into this Kingdom.

273. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Barley hulled, or Pearl Barley, exported from this Kingdom.

274. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bay- berries imported into this Kingdom.

275. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged

5 X upon

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

70 Mar Hi. . 1787.

upon every Pound Weight of Bdellium imported into this Ritigdom.

276. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Bdellium exported from this Kingdom.

277. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Ben-album, or Rubrum, imported into this Kingdom.

278. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-permy be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Ben*album, or Rubtum, exported from this Kingdom.

279. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Peuce be charged upon every Pound Weight of Benjamin imported into this Kingdom.

280. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Benjamin exported from this Kingdom.

281. Resolvedf, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Bezoar Stones imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

282. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Ounce Troy of Bezoar Stones, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

283. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Bezoar Stones, not the Produce of the East Indies, imported into this Kingdom.

284. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed, upon every Ounce Troy of Bezoar Stones, not the Produce of the East Indies, exported from this Kingdom.

285. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Bitumen Judaicum imported into this Kingdom.

286. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Bitumen Judaicum exported from this Kingdom.

287. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Black Lead imported into this Kingdom.

288. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Black Lead exported from tin's Kingdom.

289. Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bolus Communis, or Armoniacus, imported into this Kingdom.

290. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Bolus Communis, or Armoniacus, exported from this Kingdom.

291. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence bo charged upon every Pound Weight of Bolus Verus, or Fine Bole, imported into this Kingdom.

292. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Bolus. Verus, «r Fine Bole, exported from this Kingdom.

293. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence bo charged upon every Pound Weight of Borax in Paste, or unrefined, commonly called Tincall, imported into this Kingdom.

294. Resolved, That it is the Opinioiv of this Cotm mittee. That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Borax in Paste, ornm refined, commonly called Tincall, exported from this Kingdom.

29,^. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Conrb mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of refined Borax imported into this Kingdom.

296. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of refined Borax exported from this Kingdom.

297. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Calamus imported into this Kingdom.

298. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Calamus exported from this Kingdom.

299. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cambogium, or Gutta, Gam-ba», imported into this Kingdom.

300. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cambogium, or Gutta Gambae, exported from this Kingdom.

301. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Refined Camphire imported into this Kingdom.

302. Resolved, That-it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Refined Camphire exported from this Kingdom.

303. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged open every Pound Weight of Unrefined Camphire imported into this Kingdom.

304. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Unrefined Camphire exported from this Kingdom.

305. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cancrorum Oculi imported into this Kingdom.

306. Resolved, That it is the Opiniori of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cancrorum Oculi exported from this Kingdom.

307. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cantharides imported into this Kingdom.

308. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cantharides exported from this Kingdom.

309. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every One Thousand of Capita Papaveruin imported into this Kingdom.

310. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and One Penny be allowed upon every One Thousand of Capita Papaverum exported from this Kingdom.

311. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every

*7 Geo. III.

every Pound Weight of Cardamoms imported into this Kingdom.

312. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-mittee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cardamoms exported from this Kingdom.

313. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Carlina imported into this Kingdom.

314. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Carlina exported from this Kingdom.

315. Resobed That it is the Opinion of this Com-ihittee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Carpo Balsamum imported into this Kingdom.

316. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Carpo Balsamum exported from this Kingdom.

317. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Carrabe, or Succinum, imported into this Kingdom.

318. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Carrabe, or Succinum, exported from this Kingdom.

319. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Carraway Seeds imported into this Kingdom.

320. Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Carraway Seeds exported from this Kingdom.

321. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Carthamus Seeds imported1 into this Kingdom.

322. j Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Carthamus Seeds exported from this Kingdom.

323. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cassia Fistula imported into this Kingdom.

324. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cassia Fistula exported from this Kingdom.

325. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cassia Lignea imported into this Kingdom.

326. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cassia Lignea exported from this Kingdom.

327. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every1'Pound Weight of Castoreum, or Beavers Cods, imported into this Kingdom.

328. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Castoreum, or Beavers Cods, exported from this Kingdom.

329. Resolved, That H is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cerussa imported into this Kingdom.

330. ReMced, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

Voj- 42.

44?

mittee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Eight Report on Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Cerussa exported from this Kingdom. Account*

331. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cetrack imported into this x

Kingdom.

332. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cetrack exported from this Kingdom.

333. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Chamsepitys imported into this Kingdom.

334. Resobed, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Chamsepitys exported from this Kingdom.

335. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Clielae Cancrorum imported into this Kingdom.

336. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cheke Cancrorum exported from this Kingdom.

337. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of China Roots imported iato this Kingdom.

338. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of China Roots exported from this Kingdom.

339. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cinabrium, or Vermillion, imported into this Kingdom.

340. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cinabrium, or Vermillion, exported from this Kingdom.

341. Resolved, That it1 is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cinabaris Nativa, not the Produce of the East Indies, imported into this Kingdom.

342. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cinabaris Nativa, not the Produce of the East Indies, exported from this Kingdom.

343. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Ciperus imported into this Kingdom.

344. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Ciperus exported from this Kingdom.

345. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Ciperus Nuts imported into this Kingdom.

346. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Onev Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Ciperus Nuts exported from this Kingdom.

347. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence, he charged upon every Pound Weight of Citrago imported into this Kingdom.

348. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence he allowed

upon

70 Mar

44-8 f Mariii, 1787*

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

upon every Popnd Weight of Citrago exported from this Kingdom.

349. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Civet imported into this Kingdom.

350. Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Ounce Troy of Civet exported from this Kingdom.

351. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Coculus Indite imported into this Kingdom.

352. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Coculus Indite exported from this Kingdom.

353. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Colophonia imported into this Kingdom.

354. Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Colophonia exported from this Kingdom.

355. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Coloquintida imported into this Kingdom.

356. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Coloquintida exported from this Kingdom.

357. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Blue Copperas imported into this Kingdom.

358. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and F.ight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of White Copperas imported into this Kingdom.

3SQ. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of White or Red Coral, for Physical Use, in Fragments, imported into this Kingdom.

3C0. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of White or Red Coral, for Physical Use, in Fragments, exported from this Kingdom.

361. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of whole unpolished Coral imported into this Kingdom.

362. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of whole unpolished Coral exported from this Kingdom.

363. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of whole polished Coral imported into this Kingdom.

364. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings he allowed upon evciy Pound Weight of whole polished Coral exported from this Kingdom.

36,5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence he charged upon every One hundred Weight of Coriander Seeds imported into tin’s Kingdom.

3tih\ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eleven Renee be allowed upon every One hundred.

Weight of Coriander Seeds exported from this Kingdom.

367. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cornu Cervi Calcinatum imported into this Kingdom.

368. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cornu Cervi Calcinatum exported from this Kingdom.

369. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Cariophyllorum imported into this Kingdom.

370. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Cario-. phyllorum exported from this Kingdom.

371. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cortex Elatheritc imported into this Kingdom.

372. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Four Pence be. allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Cortex Elatberite exported from this Kingdom.

373. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cortex Guiaci imported into this Kingdom.

374. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred ’Weight of, Cortex Guiaci exported from this Kingdom.

375. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Limonum vel Auran-tiorum imported into this Kingdom.

376. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Limonum vel Aurantiorum exported from this Kingdom.

377. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Peruvianus, or Jesuits Bark, imported into this Kingdom.

378. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Peruvianus, or Jesuits Bark, exported from this Kingdom.

379. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Tamerisci imported into this Kingdom.

380. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound’Weight of Cortex Tamerisci exported liom this Kingdom.

381. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon, every Pound Weight of Cortex Winteranus imported into this Kingdom.

382. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Winteranus exported from this Kingdom.

383. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Costus Dulcis et Amarus imported into this Kingdom.

384. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Costus Dulcis et Amarus exported from this Kingdom.

385. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

37 Geo. III. 70 Martii* 449

Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon gredium, or ScamtnOny, exported from this King- import«« every Pound Weight of Cowitch imported into this dom. simplifying

Kingdom. 4°4* That it is the Opinion of this Com- the Public

386. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon <eounU‘

mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings every Pound Weight of Dipt&mus Leaves imported into be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cowitch ex- this Kingdom.

ported from this Kingdom. 405. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

387. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thata Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence every Pound Weight of Diptamus Leaves exported from be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cream this Kingdom.

of Tartar imported into this Kingdom. 406. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

388. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Diptamus Roots imported into every Pound Weight of Chrystal in broken Pieces, for this Kingdom.

Physical Use, imported into this Kingdom. 407. That it is the Opinion of this Com-

389. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon

mittee. That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed every Pound Weight of Diptamus Roots exported from upon every Pound Weight of Chrystal in broken this Kingdom.

Pieces, for Physical Use, exported from this King- 408. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-dom. mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon

390. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* every Pound Weight of Doronicum imported into this mittee. That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon Kingdom.

every Pound Weight of Cubebs imported into this 409. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon

391. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Pound Weight of Doronicum exported from this mittee. That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be Kingdom.

allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cubebs exported 410. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon eve

392. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pound Weight of Eboris Rasurte imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Four Pence Kingdom.

be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cummin 411. That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Seeds imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed

393. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- upon every Pound Weight of Eboris Rasur* exported mittee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and from this Kingdom.

Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred 412. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Weight of Cummin Seeds exported from this King- mittee, That a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny be charged dom. upon every Pound Weight of Elebore imported into this

394. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon 413* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cora-every Pound Weight of Cuscuta imported into this mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon Kingdom. every Pound Weight of Elebore exported from this

395. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon 4t4* Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Cuscuta exported from this mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon Kingdom. every Pound Weight of Epithemum imported into this

396. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon 4*5- Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Cyclamen, or PaniB Porcinus, mittee, That a Drawback-ofTwo Pence be allowed upon imported into this Kingdom. every Pound Weight of Epithemum exported from this

397. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee. That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon 4*6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Cyclamen, or Panis Porcinus, mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon exported from this Kingdom. every Pound Weight of Essence of Lemons imported

398. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Com- into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence bo charged upon 417- That it is the Opinion of this Com-

every Pound Weight of Daucus Creticus imported iato mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence this Kingdom. be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Essence of

399. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Lemons exported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon 4*8- Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Daucus Creticus exported from mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon this Kingdom. every Pound Weight of Euphorbium imported into this

400. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon 419* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Dens Equi Marini imported into mittee, That a Drawback of One Penn^ Half-penny be tins Kingdom. allowed upon every Pound Weight of Euphorbium ex-

401. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- ported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon 420. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Dens Equi Marini exported from mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon this Kingdom. every One hundred Weight of Fcechia Brugiata imported

402. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be 421. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-charged upon every Pound Weight of Diagredium, or mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed Scammony, imported into this Kingdom. upon every One hundred Weight of Foechia Brugiata

403. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Com- exported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of ODe Shilling and Eight 42^. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Dia- mittee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be Vol. 42. 5 5 Y charged

Report on

simplifying the Public Accounts.

450 70 Martii. A. 1787.

charged upon every Pound Weight of Fennell Seeds imported into this Kingdom.

.423. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Fennell Seeds exported from this Kingdom.

424. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Fenugreek imported into this Kingdom.

425. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Fenugreek exported from this Kingdom.

420. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Flores Chamcemeli imported into this Kingdom.

427, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Flores Chamcemeli exported from this Kingdom.

428. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Flores Meliloti imported into this Kingdom.

429. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Flores Meliloti exported from this Kingdom.

430. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Folium Indiae imported into this Kingdom.

431. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Folium India: exported from this Kingdom.

432. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Fox Lungs imported into this Kingdom.

433. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Fox Lungs exported from this Kingdom.

434. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Frankincense imported into this Kingdom.

435. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Frankincense exported from this Kingdom.

436. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Galanga imported into this Kingdom.

437. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Galanga exported from this Kingdom.

438. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Galbanum imported into this Kingdom.

439. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Galbanum ex-,' ported from this Kingdom.

440. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny.be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gentiana imported into this Kingdom.

441. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed

upon every Pound Weight of Gentiana exported from this Kingdom.

442. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Grains of Guinea imported into this Kingdom.

443. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Grains of Guinea exported from this Kingdom.

444. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Grana Tinctorum imported into this Kingdom.

445. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Grana Tinctorum exported from this Kingdom.

446. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Granadilla Peruviana imported into this Kingdom.

447. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Granadilla Peruviana exported from this Kingdom.

448. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Green Ginger imported into this Kingdom.

449. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Green Ginger exported from this Kingdom.

450. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Guinea Pepper imported into his Kingdom.

451. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Guinea Pepper exported from this Kingdom.

452. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Aniini imported into this Kingdom.

453. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Animi exported from this Kingdom.

454. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega, imported into this Kingdom.

455. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Gum Senega imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

456. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Armoniac imported into this Kingdom.

457. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Armoniac exported from this Kingdom.

458. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Carannae imported into this Kingdom.

459. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Carannae exported from this Kingdom.

460. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

17 Geo. III. 7

45i

mittee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Copal imported into this Kingdom.

461. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Copal exported from this Kingdom.

462. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Elemni imported into this Kingdom.

463. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Elemni exported from this Kingdom.

464. ’ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Guaici imported into this Kingdom.

405. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixpence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Guaici exported from this Kingdom.

466. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Hederae imported into this Kingdom.

467. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Hederae exported from this Kingdom.

468. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Cake Lack imported into this Kingdom.

469. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Cake Lack exported from this Kingdom.

470. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Shellack, or Seedlack, imported into this Kingdom.

471. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Shellack, or Seedlack, exported from this Kingdom.

472. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of" Gum Sticklack imported into this Kingdom.

473. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Opo-ponax imported into this Kingdom.

474. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Opoponax exported from this Kingdom.

475. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Gum Sandrake, or Juniperi, imported into this Kingdom.

476. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Gum Sandrake, or Juniperi, exported from this Kingdom.

477. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Sarcocol imported into' this Kingdom.

478. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Sarcocol exported from this Kingdom.

479. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Voi. 42.

mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Serapinum, or Sagapenum imported into this Kingdom.

480. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Serapinum, or Sagapenum, exported from this Kingdom.

481. Resolved+ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Tacamahaca imported into this Kingdom.

482. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Tacamahaca exported from this Kingdom.

483. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Tragacanth imported into this Kingdom.

484. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Gum Tragacanth exported from this Kingdom.

485. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Hermadactilus imported into this Kingdom.

486. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Hermadactilus exported from this Kingdom.

487. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Horns of Harts, or Stags, imported into this Kingdom.

488. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Horns of Harts, or Stags, exported from this Kingdom.

489. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Hypocistis imported into this Kingdom.

490. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Hypocistis exported from this Kingdom.

491. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Incense, or Olibanum, imported into this Kingdom. *

492. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Incense, or Olibanum, exported from this Kingdom.

493. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Jalap imported into this Kingdom.

494. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Jalap exported from this Kingdom.

495. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fourteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Ireos imported into this Kingdom.

496. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Ireos exported from this Kingdom.

497. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three- Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Isinglass imported into this Kingdom.

498. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

.Report 01 simplifying the Public AccouuU.

45 *

7° Martii. A. 1787.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence he charged upon every Pound Weight of Jujubes imported into this Kingdom.

499. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Jujubes exported from this Kingdom.

500. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be chained upon every One hundred Weight of Juniper Berries imported into this Kingdom.

501. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Juniper Berries exported from this Kingdom.

502. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Labdanum, or Lapadonum, imported into this Kingdom.

503. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Labdanum, or Lapadonum, exported from this Kingdom.

504. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upop every One hundred Weight of Lapis Calaminaris imported into this Kingdom.

505. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, of Nine Pence be charged upon every Ounce Weight of Lapis Contrayerva imported into this Kingdom.

506. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Ounce Weight of Lapis Contrayerva exported from this Kingdom.

507. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Haematitis imported into this Kingdom.

508. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Hsma-titis exported from this Kingdom.

509. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Lapis Hibemicus imported into this Kingdom.

510. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Lapis Hibemicus exported from this Kingdom.

511. Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Hiacinthi imported into this Kingdom.

512. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Hiacinthi exported from this Kingdom.

513. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon very Pound Weight of Lapis Judaicus imported into this Kingdom.

514. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Judaicus exported from this Kingdom.

515. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon very Pound Weight of Lapis Lazuli imported into this Kingdom.

516. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Lazuli exported from this Kingdom.

517. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Magnetis imported into this Kingdom.

518. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Magnetis exported from this Kingdom.

519. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Duty of Six Penoe be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Nephriticus imported into this Kingdom.

520. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Nephriticus exported from this Kingdom.

521. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Penoe be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Ostiocolla imported into this Kingdom.

522. Resolved, Hint it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be. allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Ostiocolla exported from this Kingdom.

523. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Rubinus imported into this Kingdom.

524! Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Rubinus exported from this Kingdom.

525. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Sapphirus imported into this Kingdom.

526. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Sapphirus exported from this Kingdom.

527. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Smaragdus imported into this Kingdom.

528. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Smaragdus exported from this Kingdom.

529. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Spongiae imported into this Kingdom.

530. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Spongiae exported from this Kingdom.

531. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Topagae imported into this Kingdom.

532. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Topagae exported from this Kingdom.

533. Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Tutim imported into this Kingdom.

534. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Penoe be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lapis Tuti® exported from this Kingdom.

535- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Leaves of Roses imported into this Kingdom.

536. Resolved,

Googh

27 Geo. III. f Mar tit. 45 %

536. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Leaves of Roses exported from this Kingdom.

537. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Leaves or Flowers of Violets imported into this Kingdom.

538. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Leaves or Flowers of Violets exported from this Kingdom.

539. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lentiles imported into this Kingdom.

540. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Farthing be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lentiles exported from this Kingdom.

541. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lignum Aloes imported into this Kingdom.

542. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lignum Aloes exported from this Kingdom.

543. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lignum Asphaltum imported into this Kingdom.

544. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lignum As-phaltum exported from this Kingdom.

54.5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lignum Nephriticura imported into this Kingdom.

546. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lignum Nephriticum exported from this Kingdom.

547. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Lignum Rhodium imported into this Kingdom.

548. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Lignum Rhodium exported from this Kingdom.

549. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Litharge of Gold imported into this Kingdom.

550. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Litharge of Gold exported from this Kingdom.

551. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Litharge of Silver imported into this Kingdom.

552. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Litharge of Silver exported from this Kingdom.

553. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Lupines imported into this Kingdom.

5.54- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Lupines exported from this Kingdom*

Vol. 42.

555. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lyntiscus, or Xylobalsamum, imported into this Kingdom.

,556. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lyntiscus, or Xylobalsamum, exported from this Kingdom.

557. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Madder Roots imported into this Kingdom.

558. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this- Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Manna imported into this Kingdom.

559. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Manna exported from this Kingdom.

560. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Marmalade imported into this Kingdom.

.561. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Marmalade exported from this Kingdom.

562. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Red Mastick imported into this Kingdom.

563. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this ComJ mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Red Mastick exported from this Kingdom.

564. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of White Mastick imported into this Kingdom.

565. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of White Mastick exported from this Kingdom.

566. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Mechoacana imported into this Kingdom.

567. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Mechoacana exported from this Kingdom.

568. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Mercury Precipitat imported into this Kingdom.

569. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Mercury Precipitat exported from this Kingdom.

,570. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pencfe he charged upon every Pound Weight of Mercury Sublimat imported into this Kingdom.

571. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Mercury Sublimat exported from this Kingdom.

572. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Millium Solis imported into this Kingdom.

573. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Iialf-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Millium Solis exported from this Kingdom.

5 Z 574. Resolved,

Repdrt oil simplifying the Public Accounts.

Jleport on simplifying the Public Accounts.

454 70 Mar Hi. A. 1787.

574. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Mirabolanes condited, imported into this Kingdom.

575. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Mirabolanes, condited, exported from this Kingdom.

576. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of dry Mirabolanes imported into this Kingdom.

577. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of dry Myrabolanes exported from this Kingdom.

578. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Myrtle Berries imported into this Kingdom.

579. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Myrtle Berries exported from this Kingdom.

580. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Mithridate Venetiffi imported into this Kingdom.

581. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Mithridate Venetiffi exported from this Kingdom.

582. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Mother of Pearl Shells, not of the East Indies, imported into this Kingdom.

583. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Mother of Pearl Shells, not of the East , exported from this Kingdom.

584. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Musk imported into this Kingdom.

585. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Ounce Troy of Musk, exported from this Kingdom.

586. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Myrrha imported into this Kingdom.

587. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Myrrha exported from this Kingdom.

588. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Nardus Celtica, or Spica Romana, imported into this Kingdom.

589. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Nardus Celtica, or Spica Romana, exported from this Kingdom.

590. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Nitrum imported into this Kingdom.

591. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Nitrum exported from this Kingdom.

592. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Nutmegs condited, imported into this Kingdom.

593. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Nutmegs condited, exported from this Kingdom.

594. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Nux de Benne imported into Hiis Kingdom.

595. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Nux de Benne exported from this Kingdom.

596. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Nux Cupressi imported into this Kingdom.

597. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Nux Cuprcss* exported from this Kingdom.

598. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Piece of Nux Indica imported into this Kingdom.

599. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Piece of Nux Indica exported from this Kingdom.

600. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every. Pound Weight of Nux Vomica imported into this Kingdom.

601. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Nux Vomica exported from this Kingdom.

602. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Opium imported into this Kingdom.

603. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Opium exported from this Kingdom.

604. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Orange Flower Ointment imported into this Kingdom.

605. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Orange Flower Ointment exported from this Kingdom.

606. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upoa every Gallon of Orange Flower Water imported into this Kingdom.

607. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Orange Flower Water exported from this Kingdom.

608. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Origanum imported into this Kingdom.

609. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Origanum exported from this Kingdom.

610. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Orpiment, or Auripigmentum, imported into this Kingdom. '

611. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee.

27 Geo. III. 70 Martii.

455

mittee. That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Orpiment, or Auripigmentum, exported from this Kingdom.

612. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Almonds imported into this Kingdom.

613. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Almonds exported from this Kingdom.

614. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Amber imported into this Kingdom.

615. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Amber exported from this Kingdom.

616. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Annisi imported into this Kingdom.

617. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Annisi exported from this Kingdom.

618. - Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Oil de B^y imported into this Kingdom.

619. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Teu Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Oil de Bay exported from this Kingdom.

620. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Cariophyilorum imported into this Kingdom.

621. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Cariophyilorum exported from this Kingdom.

622. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Carui imported into this Kingdom.

623. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Carui exported from this Kingdom.

624. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Oleum Cinna-momi imported into this Kingdom.

625. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Ounce Troy of Oleum Cinnamomi exported from this Kingdom.

626. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Juniperi imported into this Kingdom.

627. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Juniperi exported from this Kingdom.

628. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Mace imported into this Kingdom.

629. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Mace exported from this Kingdom.

Vol. 42.

630. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Nucis Muscat® Liquidum imported into this Kingdom.

631. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Nucis Muscat® Liquidum exported from this Kingdom.

632. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Origani imported into this Kingdom.

033. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Origani exported from this Kingdom.

634. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Oleum Palm® imported into this Kingdom

635'. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Oleum Palm® exported from this Kingdom.

636. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Petroleum imported into this Kingdom.

637. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Petroleum exported from this Kingdom.

638. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Rhodii imported into this Kingdom.

639. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Rhodii exported from this Kingdom.

640. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Rosemary imported 'into this Kingdom.

641. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Rosemary exported from this Kingdom.

642. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Sassafr® imported into this Kingdom.

643. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Sassafr® exported from this Kingdom.

644. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Spike imported into this Kingdom.

645. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Spike exported from this Kingdom.

646. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Thvm® imported into this Kingdom.

647. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Thyma exported from this Kingdom.

648. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Farthing be charged

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

fttport 'em

simplifying the Public AccoiihU*

45 6 76 Mart . 1787*

charged upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Turpentine be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Pit imported into this Kingdom. Burgundian imported into this Kingdom.

649. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 667. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed mittee. That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Two upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Turpentine exported Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight from this Kingdom. of Pix Burgundi® exported from this Kingdom.

B^o. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 668. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Vitrioli imported into every Pound Weight of Polypodium imported into this this Kingdom. Kingdom.

651. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 669. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed mittee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Oleum Vitrioli exported upon every Pound Weight of Polypodium exported from this Kingdom. from this Kingdom.

652. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 670. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence mittee, That a Duty of One Penny llalf-penny be be charged upon every Pound Weight of Orange charged upon every Pound Weight of Polium Mon-Jessamine and Perfumed Oils, not otherwise enume- tanum imported into this Kingdom.

r&ted, imported into this Kingdom. 671. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

6,53. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Polium Montanum ex-upon every Pound Weight of Orange Jessamine and ported from this Kingdom.

Perfumed Oils, not otherwise enumerated, exported 672. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-ftom this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight

654. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight

mittee, That a Duty of Seven Pence Half-penny be of Pomegranate Peels imported into this King-

charged upon every Pound Weight of Chemical Oils, dom.

not otherwise enumerated, imported into this King- 673. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-dom. mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon

655. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Pound Weight of Pompholix imported into

mittee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed this Kingdom.

upon every Pound Weight of Chemical Oils, not 674. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-otherwise enumerated, exported from this King- mittee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed dom. upon every Pound Weight of Pompholix exported

656. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon 675. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Ounce Troy of Beaten Pearl imported into this mittee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be Kingdom. charged upon every Pound Weight of Poppy Seed

657. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed 676. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon every Ounce Troy of Beaten Pearl exported mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed from this Kingdom. upon every Pound Weight of Poppy Seed exported

658. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon 677. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Pellitory imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon Kingdom. every Pound Weight of Prunelloes imported into this

659. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed 678. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon every Pound Weight of Pellitory exported from mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed this Kingdom. upon every Pound Weight of Prunelloes exported from

660. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence Half-penny 679. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

charged upon every Pound Weight of Long Pepper mittee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be imported into this Kingdom. charged upon every Pound Weight of Psyllium imported

661. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny 680. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe allowed upon every Pound Weight of Long Pepper mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed exported from this Kingdom. upon every Pound Weight of Psyllium exported from

662. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be 681. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-charged upon every Pound Weight of Piony Seeds mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight imported into this Kingdom. Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight

663. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- of Radix Bistort® imported into this Kingdom,

mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed 682. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon every Pound Weight of Piony Seeds exported mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Two from this Kingdom. Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight

664. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- of Radix Bistort® exported from this Kingdom,

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon 683. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Pistachias, or Nux Pistachis, mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon imported into this Kingdom.' every Pound Weight of Radix Cassuminar, not of the

665. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- East Indies, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed 684. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com! upon every Pound Weight of Pistachias, or Nux mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Far-Pistachi®, exported from this Kingdom. things be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radix

666. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Cassuminar, not of the Indies, exported from

mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Four Pence this Kingdom.

683. Resolved,

27 Geo. III.

Martii.

45?

685. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be chained upon every Pound Weight of Radix Contrayerva imported into this Kingdom.

686. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed

upon every Pound Weight of Radix Contrayerva exported from this Kingdom.

687. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Radix Enulie Campante imported into this Kingdom.

688. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Radix Enulae Campante exported from this Kingdom.

689. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Radix Eringii imported into this Kingdom.

690. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radix Ermgii exported from this Kingdom.

691. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Radix Esulae imported into this Kingdom.

692. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radix Esulae exported from this Kingdom.

693. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Radix Hy-pocacuanae imported into this Kingdom.

694. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radix Hypocacuaiue exported from this Kingdom.

695. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Halt-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Radix Mei Atbamantici imported into this Kingdom.

696. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radix Mei Athamantici exported from this Kingdom.

697. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight ot Radix Phu imported into this Kingdom.

698. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radix Phu exported from this Kingdom.

699. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Radix Scorcionera imported into this Kingdom.

700. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radix Scorcionera exported from this Kingdom.

701. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Radix Serpentariae imported into this Kingdom.

702. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radix Serpentariae exported from this Kingdom.

703. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duly of Three Shillings and Two

Vol. 42.

Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Report on Radix Tormentillae imported into this Kingdom. simplifying

704. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and One CCOttB Penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight

of Radix Tormentillas exported from this Kingdom.

705. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Red Lead imported into this Kingdom.

706. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Red Lead exported from this Kingdom.

707. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three ShilliiigB and Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Ressina Jalapii imported into this Kingdom.

708. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Ressina Jalapii exported from this Kingdom.

709. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Ressina Scamonii imported into this Kingdom.

710. Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Ressba Scamonii exported from this Kingdom.

711. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Rhabarbarum, or Rhubarb, imported into this Kingdom.

712. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Rhabarbarum, or Rhubarb, exported from this Kingdom.

713. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Rhineburst imported into this Kingdom.

714. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Rhineburst exported fronj this Kingdom.

715. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Saccharum Satumi imported into this Kingdom.

716. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Saccharum Saturni exported from this Kingdom.

717. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Saffron imported into this Kingdom.

718. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Saffron exported from this Kingdom.

719. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Salop, not of the East Indies, imported into this Kingdom.

720. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Salop, not of the East Indies, exported from this Kingdom.

721. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sal Alkali imported into this Kingdom.

722. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

6 A nu«W»

Report oli simplifying the Public Amuatsv

45$ 7" Martii. &. 1787.

mittee, That 'ft Drawback' of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pdund Weight of Sal Alkali exported from this Kingdom.

723. Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sal Armoniacum imported into this Kingdom.

724. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sal Gem imported into this Kingdom.

725. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Doty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sal Nitre imported into this Kingdom.

' 726. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sal Nitre exported from this Kingdom.

: 7 -7* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence he charged upon every Pound Weight of Sal Prunella imported into this Kingdom.

728. Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sal Prunella exported from this Kingdom.

729. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sal Succim imported into this Kingdom.

730. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sal Succini exported from this Kingdom.

731. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of SalTamarisci imported into this Kingdom.

732. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sal Tamarisci exported from this Kingdom.

733. Resoked, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sal Tartan imported into this Kingdom.

734. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sal Tartari exported from this Kingdom.

735. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sal Vitrioli imported into this Kingdom.

736. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sal Vitrioli exported from this Kingdom.

737. Resoked, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sal Volatile Armoniaci imported into this Kingdom.

738. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sal Volatile Armoniaci exported from this Kingdom.

739. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sal Volatile Cornu Cervi imported into this Kingdom.

740. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every. Pound Weight of Sal Volatile Comu Cervi exported from this Kingdom.

'741. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sanguis Draconis imported into 'this Kingdoml

742. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sanguis Draconis exported from this Kingdom.

743. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sanguis Hirci imported into this Kingdom.

744. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comr-mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny <be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sanguis Hira exported from Ibis Kingdom.

745. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sarsaparilla imported into this Kingdom.

746. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sarsaparilla exported from this Kingdom.

747. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sassafras Wood, or Roots, imported into this Kingdom.

748. Resolved, That it is th® Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Sassafras Wood, or Roots, exported from this Kingdom.

749. Resoked, That it is the' Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Saunders Red imported into this Kingdom.

750. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Saunders White imported into this Kingdom.

751. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Conn mittee. That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Saunders White exported from this Kingdom.

752. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Saunders Yellow imported into this Kingdom.

753* Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Saunders Yellow exported from this Kingdom.

754. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Piece of Scmcus Marinus imported into this Kingdom.

755. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Piece of Scincus Marinus exported from this Kingdom.

756. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged ufjon every Pound Weight of Scordium imported into this Kingdom.

757. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Scordium exported from this Kingdom.'

758. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sebestines imported into this Kingdom.

759. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sebestinei exported from this Kingdom.

9 7 So. Resolved,

1

27 {5eo, III. 7 Martiu 4$9

760. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Haif-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Seeds for Gardens imported into this Kingdom.

761. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Peuny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Seeds for Gardens exported lrotn this Kingdom.

1 762. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Seler Montanus imported into this Kingdom.

763. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Seler Montanus exported from this Kingdom.

764. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* tnittee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Semen Cu-cameris Cucurb Citrol Melon imported into this Kingdom.

7^.5- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Semen Cuchmeris Cucurb Citrol Melon exported from this Kingdom.

766. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Senna imported into this Kingdom.

767. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Senna exported from this Kingdom.

768. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of coarse and oily Spermaceti imported into this Kingdom.

769. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of coarse and oily Spermaceti exported from mis Kingdom.

77b. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of fine Spermaceti imported into this Kingdom.

771. Resohxd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be Allowed upon every Pound Weight of Fine Spermaceti exported from this Kingdom.

772. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Spikenard imported into this Kingdom.

773. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Pence be allowed Upon every Pound Weight of Spikenard exported from this Kingdom.

774. Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Spiritus Comu Cervi imported into this Kingdom.

775* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be Allowed upon every Pound Weight of Spiritus Cornu Cervi exported from this Kingdom.

776. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Spiritus Vitrieli imported into this Kingdom.

777. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Spiritus Vitriol! exported from this Kingdom.

778. Resolved That it is (he Opinion of this Cten-VOLr42.

tnittee, That a Duty of Nine PfnCfc be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sponged imported into this Kingdom.'

779. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sponges exported from this Kingdom.

780. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence bte charged upon every One hundred Weight of Squilla imported into this Kingdom.

781. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Squilla exported from this Kingdom.

782. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Squmanthum imported into this Kingdom.

783. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Squinanthurn exported from this Kingdom.

784. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Staphisa-ger imported into this Kingdom.

785. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Ten Pence

be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Staphisagef exported from this Kingdom.

786. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Stechados imported into this Kingdom.

787. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Stechados exported from this Kingdom.

788. Resolvedi That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Storax Calamita imported into this Kingdom. '

789. Resolved, That it is the dpinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Potmd Weight of Storax Calamita exported from this Kingdom.

790. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upott every Poond Weight of Storax Liquida imported into thii Kingdom.

791. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Storax Liquida exported from this Kingdom.

792. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eight Shillings! be charged upon every One hundred Weight of SuccuS Liquoritiae imported into this Kingdom. ’

793. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sulphur Vivum imported into this Kingdom.

794. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Sulphur Vivum exported from this Kingdom.

' 795. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Green Talke imported into this Kingdom.

796. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Green Talke exported from this Kingdom.

797. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

Report oh simplifying the Public Accounts.

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

460 7® Martii. A 1787.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of White Talke imported into this every Pound Weight of Turbith Thapsiae imported into Kingdom. this Kingdom.

798. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 817. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com*

mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be mittee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of White Talke ex- allowed upon every Pound Weight of Turbith Thapsiae ported from this Kingdom. exported from this Kingdom.

799. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 818. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com*

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of-Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tamarinds imported into this every Pound Weight of Turmerick imported into this Kingdom. Kingdom.

800. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 819. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allow ed upon every Pound Weight of Tamarinds export- allowed upon every Pound Weight of Turmerick exported from this Kingdom. ed from this Kingdom.

801. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 820. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence every Pound Weight of Tartarum Vitriolatum imported be charged upon every One hundred Weight of common into this Kingdom. Turpentine imported into this Kingdom.

802. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 821. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Six Pence every Pound Weight of Tartarum Vitriolatum exported be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of common' from this Kingdom. Turpentine exported from this Kingdom.

803. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 822. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every every Pound Weight of Terra Lemnia imported into this Pound Weight of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus Turpentine, Kingdom. imported into this Kingdom.

804. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 823. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Far-every Pound Weight of Terra Lemnia exported from this things be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Venice, Kingdom. Scio, or Turpentine, exported from this King-

805. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- dom.

mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon 824. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Terra Sigillata imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence Kingdom. be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Turpen-

806. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- tine of Germany, or from any other Place, not otherwise mittee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

every Pound Weight of Terra Sigillata exported from 825. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Six

807. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon of Turpentine of Germany, or from any other Place, every Pound Weight of Tblaspii Semen imported into not otherwise enumerated, exported from this King-this Kingdom. dom.

808. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 826. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon allowed upon every Pound Weight of Thlaspii Semen every Pound Weight of common Verdigrease imported exported from this Kingdom. into this Kingdom.

809. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 827. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Tomsal every Pound Weight of chrystalized Verdigrease import-imported into this Kingdom. ed into this Kingdom.

810. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 828. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Nine Pence every Pound Weight of common Treacle imported into be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Vernish this Kingdom. imported into this Kingdom.

811. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 829. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings mittee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Ten

be allowed upon every Pound Weight of common Treacle Pence' be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of

exported from this Kingdom. Vernish exported from this Kingdom.

812. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 830. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com.

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be mittee. That a Duty of Ten Pence be chargjed upon every charged upon every Pound Weightof Venice Treacle im- Pound Weight of Viscus Quercinus imported into this ported into this Kingdom. Kingdom.

813. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 831. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed mittee. That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weightof Venice Treacle exported upon every Pound Weight of Viscus Quercinus exported from this Kingdom. from this Kingdom.

814. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 832. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon upon every Pound Weightof Turbith imported into this every Pound Weight of Vitriolum Romanum imported Kingdom. into this Kingdom.

815. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 833. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-pentiy be upon every Pound Weight of Turbith exported from this allowed upon every Pound Weight of Vitriolum Roma-

Kingdom. num exported from this Kingdom.

816. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 834. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

27 Geo. III.

7° Martiu

461

Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Umber imported into this Kingdom.

835. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Umber exported from this Kingdom.

836. Rtsolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Hoofs of Ungulas Alcis imported into this Kingdom.

837. Rcsolvtd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback oi Two Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Hoofs of Unguis Alcis exported from this Kingdom.

838. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of White Lead imported into this Kingdom.

839. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw back of Two Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of White Lead exported from this Kingdom.

840. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Worm Seeds imported into this Kingdom.

841. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw back of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Worm Seeds exported from this Kingdom.

842. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Zedoria imported into this Kingdom.

843. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Zedoria exported Irom this Kingdom.

844. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Canada Balsam imported into this Kingdom.

845. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Canada Balsam exported liom this Kingdom.

846. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Gallon of Castor Oil imported into this Kingdom.

847. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Castor Oil exported from this Kingdom.

848. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cassia Buds imported into this Kingdom.

849. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cassia Buds exported from this Kingdom.

8,r)0. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Columbo Root imported into this Kingdom.

851. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Columbo Root exported from this Kingdom.

852. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Semi Rouha imported into this Kingdom.

853. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

Vol, 42.

mittee, That a Drawback of 'two Pence be allowed Report on upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Setni Rouba ex- simplifying

ported from this Kingdom. Accounts0

854. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cotii-mittee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Ginsang imported into this Kingdom.

8.55. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Ginsang exported from this Kingdom.

8.56. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Lavender Flowers imported into this Kingdom.

857. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings he allowed upon every Pound Weight of Lavender Flowers exported from this Kingdom.

858. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Peuce be charged upon every Pound Weight of Hough Mother of Pearl Shells, imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

859. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings he allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Rough Mother of Pearl Shells, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

860. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Radex Seneca imported into this Kingdom.

861. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Radex Seneca exported from this Kingdom.

862. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sago imported into this Kingdom.

863. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sago exported from this Kingdom.

864. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tapioca imported into this Kingdom.

865. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Halt-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Tapioca exported from this Kingdom.

866. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Terra Japanica imported into this Kingdom.

867. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw back of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Terra Japanica exported from this Kingdom.

868. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Aloes Suc-cotrina imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

869. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Aloes Succotrina, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

870. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Assafoetida imported into

6 B thi*

7* Martii. A. 1787.

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

871. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Assa-fcetida, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

872. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Bdellium imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

873. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Bdellium, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

874. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of refined Camphire imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

875. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Refined Camphire, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

876. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Unrefined Camphire imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

877. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of unrefined Camphire, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

878. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of China Root imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

879. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of China Root, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

880. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged u|>on every Pound Weight of Coculus Indite imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

881. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Coculus Indite, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

882. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Coloquintida imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

883. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Coloquintida, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

884. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Found Weight of Diagredium, or Scamony imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

885. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Diagredium, or Scamony, having been imported into

this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of iu Growth.

886. Resolved, That it is' the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Galanga imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

887. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That h Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Galanga, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

888. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Galbanum imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

889. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Galbanum, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place* of its Growth.

890. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Armoniac imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

891. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Gutn Armoniac, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

892. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Opoponax imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

893. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Gum Opoponax, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

894. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Sarcocol imported into this Kingdom, n^t directly from the Place of its Growth.

895. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Gum Sarcocol, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

896. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Serapenum, or Sega-penum, imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

897. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Gum Serapenum, or Segapenum, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Crowd).

898. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Tragaganth imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

899. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Gum Tragaganth, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

900. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon

7 every

37 Geo. Ill- f Marta, 463

every Pound Weight of Eabdanum imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

got. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Labdanurn, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Grow th.

90 2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon tfvery Pound Weight of Red Mastick im[X>rted into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

903. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Red Mastick, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Grow th.

904. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence be Charged upon every Pound Weight of White Mastick imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Grow th.

05. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of White Mastick, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

906. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Mirabolanes condited, imported Into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

907. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed tipon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Mirabolanes condited, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

908. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Mirabolaues dry, imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

909. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed Upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Mirabolanes dry, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

gto. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Myrrh imported Into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

911. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Myrrh, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

912. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Three Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Olibanum, or Incense, imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth,

913. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Two Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Olibanum, or Incense, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

914. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Opium imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

915. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

V91, 42.

mitfee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Opium, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

916. Resolved, That it is the Opinion 0# this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pistachias, or Nux Pistaehhe, imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

917. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Pistachias, or Nux Pistachise, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

918. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Salop imported into this Kingdom, not directly from tire Place of its Growth.

919. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Salop, having, been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

920. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sanguis Draconis imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

9 2». Resokcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Sanguis Draconis, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Grow th.

922. Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sena imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

923. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Sena, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

924. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sponges imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

925. Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Sponges, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

926. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Squinanthum imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

927. Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Squinanthum, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

928. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Storax Calamita imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

929. Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Six

Pence he allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Storax Calamita, having been imported

into

Report sinipWjwg the Ptobiie AcewBtfc

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

464 7 Marti^.1787.

into this Kingdom, not directly from the Plate of its Growth.

930*. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* tnittee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Storax Liquida imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

931. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Storax Liquida, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

932. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of Turbeth imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

933* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Turbeth, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from tire Place of its Growth.

934. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Vitriolum Romanum imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

935. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Vitriolum Romanum, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

936. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Worm Seeds imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

937. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Worm Seeds, having been imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of their Growth.

938. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Zedoria, imported into this Kingdom, not directly from the Place of its Growth.

939. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Zedoria, having been imported into this Kingdom, hot directly from the Place of its Growth.

940. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Bricks imported into this Kingdom.

941. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Bricks exported from this Kingdom.

942. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Flanders Tiles, to scour with, imported into this Kingdom.

943. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Flanders Tiles, to scour with, exported from this Kingdom.

944. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Foot Square of Galley Tiles imported into this Kingdom.

945 . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Half-penny Ire allowed upon every Foot Square of Galley Tiles exported from this Kingdom.

946. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Paving Tiles, not exceeding Ten Inches Square, imported into this Kingdom.

947. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw back of One Pound Eight Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Paving Tiles, not exceeding Ten Inches Square, exported from this Kingdom.

948. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Paving Tiles, above Ten Inches Square, imported into this Kingdom.

949. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Paving Tiles, above Ten Inches Square, exported from this Kingdom.

950. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Pantiles imported into this Kingdom.

951. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Pantiles exported from this Kingdom.

952. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Eggs imported into this Kingdom.

953. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Eggs exported from this Kingdom.

954. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Elephants Teeth imported by the East India Company into this Kingdom.

955. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Elephants Teeth, having been imported by the East India Company into this Kingdom.

956. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Elephants Teeth imported into this Kingdom, except by the East India Company.

957. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Four Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Elephants Teeth, having been imported into this Kingdom, except by the East India Company.

958. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Enamel imported into this Kingdom.

9.59. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Enamel exported from this Kingdom.

960. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 0»e Pound Six Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Feathers for Beds, imported into this Kingdom in ZtaVwA-built Ships.

961, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Dufy of One Pound Eight Shillings

and

«7 Geo. III.

7* Martii.

465

and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Feathers for Beds, of the Produce of Muscovy, or Russia, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

962. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Three Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Feathers tpr Beds exported from this Kingdom.

963. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Ostrich Feathers, drest, imported into this Kingdom.

964. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Ostrich Feathers, drest, exported from this Kingdom.

965. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Ostrich Feathers, undrest, imported into this Kingdom.

966. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Ostrich Feathers, undrest, exported from this Kingdom.

967. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings' and One Penny be charged upon every Barrel of Anchovies, containing Sixteen Pound Weight of Fish, imported into this Kingdom.

968. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Barrel of Anchovies, containing Sixteen Pounds Weight of Fish, exported from this Kingdom.

9G9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Ship's Lading of Quick Eels imported injo this Kingdom.

970. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ship’s Lading of Quick Eels exported from this Kingdom.

971. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Bushel of Oysters imported into this Kingdom.

972. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty of Stock Fish imported into this Kingdom.

973. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty of Stock Fish exported from this Kingdom.

974. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Keg of Sturgeon imported into this Kingdom.

975. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Keg of Sturgeon exported from this Kingdom.

976. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every Yard of Flannel imported into this Kingdom.

977- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Flannel exported from this Kingdom.

97 8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Vol. 42.

mittee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Four Shillings Reports

and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred pub)ic Weight of drest Flax imported into this Kingdom in Account*. British-buWt Ships.

979. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of drest Flax imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

980. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of drest Flax exported from this Kingdom.

981. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of rough or undrest Flax imported into this Kingdom in B/vVwA-built Ships.

982. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of rough or undrest Flax imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

983. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every one hundred Weight of rough or undrest Flax exported from this Kingdom.

984. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Flocks imported into this Kingdom.

985. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Flocks exported from this Kingdom.

986. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Yard of Frize, of the Produce of Ireland, imported into this Kingdom.

987. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Frize, of the Produce of Ireland, exported from this Kingdom.

988. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Flint Stones for Potters imported into this Kingdom.

9S9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Furriers Waste, to make Glue, imported into this Kingdom.

990. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five

Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of

Rough Garnets imported into this Kingdom.

991. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Rough Garnets exported from this Kingdom.

992. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Rough Garnets imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

993. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Rough Garnets having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

994. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cut Garnets imported into this Kingdom.

995. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

6 C mittee,

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts*

466 7" Martii. A. 1787.

rtiktee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cot Garnets exported from this Kingdom.

996. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cut Garnets imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

997. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eight Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Cut Garnets, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

998. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Galls imported into this Kingdom.

999. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Broken Glass imported into this Kingdom.

1000. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Broken Glass exported from this Kingdom.

1001. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight Of Glue imported into this Kingdom.

1002. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Glue exported from this Kingdom.

1003. Resoboed, That h is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence Half-penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Glovers Clippings, to make Glue, imported into this Kingdom.

1004. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Glovers Clippings, to make Glue, exported from this Kingdom.

1005. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Grain or Scarlet Powder imported into this Kingdom.

1006. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Grain or Scarlet Powder exported from this Kingdom.

1007. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Grains of Seoille in Berries, and Grains of Portugal or Rotta, imported into this Kingdom.

1008. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny he allowed upon every Pound Weight of Grains of Seville in Berries, and Grains of Portugal or , exported from this Kingdom.

1009. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Guinea Grains imported into this Kingdom.

1010. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Guinea Grains exported from this Kingdom.

1011. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Graves for Dogs imported into this Kingdom.

1012. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed

upon every One hundred Weight of Graves for Dogs exported from this Kingdom.

1013. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Two Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Jordan Almonds imported into (hi» Kingdom.

1014. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Jordan Almonds exported from this Kingdom.

1015. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Three Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of any other Sort of Almonds, except Bitter Almonds, imported into this Kingdom.

1016. Resoboed, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of any other Sort of Almonds, except Bitter Almonds, exported from this Kingdom.

1017. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Three Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Anniseeds imported into this Kingdom.

1018. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Anniseeds exported from this Kingdom.

1019. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cinnamon imported into this Kingdom.

1020. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings he allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cinnamon exported from this Kingdom.

1021. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cloves imported into this Kingdom.

1022. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cloves exported from this Kingdom.

1023. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Three Shillings* and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Currants imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1024. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Currants imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1025. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound One Shilling and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Currants exported from this Kingdom.

1026. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Six Shillings; and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Dates imported into this Kingdom.

1027. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Dates exported from this Kingdom.

1028. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Figs imported into this Kingdom in B/’i/wA-builfc Ships.

1029. Resolved,

27 Geo. III.

7" MartU.

467

1029. Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Figs imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1030. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback Of Twelve Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Fig$ exported from this Kingdom.

- 1031. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Ginger, of the Produce of the British Plantations, imported so to this Kingdom.

1032. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Ginger, of the Produce of the British Plantations, exported from this Kingdom.

1033. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eight Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Ginger, not of the Produce of the British Plantations, imported into this Kingdom.

1034. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Six Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Ginger, not of the Produce of the British Plantations, exported from this Kingdom.

1035. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upop every One hundred Weight of Liquorice Root imported into this Kingdom.

1036. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eight Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Liquorice Root exported from this Kingdom.

1037. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Liquorice Powder imported into this Kingdom.

1038. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Liquorice Powder exported from this Kingdom.

1039. Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That a Doty of Four Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of Made imported into this Kingdom.

1040. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Mace exported from this Kingdom.

1041. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of Nutmegs imported into this Kingdom.

1042. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Nutmegs exported from this Kingdom.

1043. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Half-penny be charged Upon every Pound Weight of Pepper imported into this Kingdom to be Warehoused.

1044. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pepper when taken out of such Warehouses for Home Consumption.

1045. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pimento, of the Pro-

Vo L. 42.

duce of the British Plantations, imported into this Report «> Kingdom. simplifying.

1046. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- *e mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Far- cc things be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Pimento, of the Produce of the British Plantatioas, exported from this Kingdom.

1047. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Pimento, not of the Produce of the British Plantations, imported Into this Kingdom.

1048. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Pimento, not. of the Produce of the British Plantations, exported froln this Kingdom.

1049. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of dried Plumbs imported into this Kingdom.

1050. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of dried Plumbs exported from this Kingdom.

1051. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Prunes imported into this Kingdom.

1052. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Prunes exported from this Kingdom.

1053. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Raisins of the Sun imported into this Kingdom in Brfr «//-built Ships.

1054. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Oiie Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Raisins of the Sun imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1055. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Raisins of the Sun exported from this Kingdom.

1056. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sniyrtia Raisins imported into this Kingdom in

-BH/ii/i-built Ships.

1057. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Smyrna Raisins imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1058. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Smyrna Raisins exported from this Kingdom.

1059. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Raisins imported into this Kingdom in Rn/wA-built Ships.

1060. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Lexia Raisins imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1061. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Lexia Raisins exported from this Kingdom.

1 Resolved,

JUport on simplifying the Public Accounts,

468 70 Martii. A. 1787.

1062. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Faro Raisins imported into this Kingdom in built Ships.

1063. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Faro Rabins imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1064. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Faro Raisins exported from thb Kingdom.

1065. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Lipra, or Belvidere, Rabins imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1066. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Lipra, or Belvidere, Raisins imported into thb Kingdom

in Foreign Ships.

1067. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Lipra, or Belvidere, Rabins exported from thb Kingdom.

1068. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Denia, and all other Raisins, not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom in Rr/VwA-built Ships.

1069. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Denia, and all other Raisins, not otherwise enumerated, imported into thb Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1070. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Denia, and all other Raisins, not otherwise enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

1071. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Brown Sugar Candy imported into this Kingdom.

1072. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Ten Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Brown Sugar Candy exported from thb Kingdom.

1073. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Nineteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Brown Sugar Candy imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1074. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Brown Sugar Candy, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1075. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of White Sugar Candy imported into thb Kingdom.

107b. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of White Sugar Candy exported from this Kingdom.

1077. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of White Sugar Candy imported into tbb Kingdom by the East India Company.

1078. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Company, That a Drawback of Seven Pounds One Shilling be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of White Sugar Candy, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1079. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Refined Sugar imported into this Kingdom.

1080. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tbb Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Refined Sugar exported from thb Kingdom.

1081. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Seven Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, not of the British Plantations, imported into this Kingdom.

1082. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Five Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, not of the British Plantations, exported from thb Kingdom.

1083. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of White Sugar, not of the British Plantations, imported into this Kingdom.

1084. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of White Sugar, not of the British Plantations, exported from this Kingdom.

1085. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, of the Produce of the British Plantations, imported into this Kingdom.

1086. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, of the Produce of the British Plantations, exported from thb Kingdom.

1087. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of White Sugar, of the Produce of the British Plantations, imported into this Kingdom.

1088. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Nine Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of White Sugar, of the Produce of the British Plantations, exported from this Kingdom.

1089. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sugar imported into this Kingdom from any of the British Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of , to be Ware-

housed.

1090. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Eleven Pence Jae charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sugar imported into this Kingdom from any of the British Colonies or Plantations on the Continent

of

27 Ge6. III.

f Mdrtii.

of America, when taken out of such Warehouses, in order to be used in this Kingdom.

loyi. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Corn Gunpowder imported into this Kingdom.

1092. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Corn Gunpowder exported from this Kingdotp.

1093. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Serpentine Gunpowder imported into this Kingdom.

1094. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Serpentine Gunpowder exported from this Kingdom.

1095. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Camels Hair imported into this Kingdom.

1096. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Camels Hair exported from this Kingdom.

1097. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cow or Ox Hair imported into this Kingdom.

1098. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Cow or Ox Hair exported from this Kingdom.

1099. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Elks Hair imported into this Kingdom.

1100. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Elks Hair exported from this Kingdom.

1101. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Carmenia Wool imported into this Kingdom.

1102. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Carmenia Wool exported from this Kingdom.

1103. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Carmenia Wool imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

u 04. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Carmenia Wool, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1105. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Horse Hair imported into this Kingdom.

1106. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Horse Hair exported from this Kingdom.

1107. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Pound Weight of Human Hair imported into this Kingdom.

Vol. 42.

1108.. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Report oii mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Gross, containing Twelve Account*. Dozen Knots, of Harp Strings, imported into this Kingdom.

1109. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every Gross, containing Twelve Dozen Knots, of Harp Strings, exported From this Kingdom.

1110. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Bast or Straw Hate, or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, imported into this Kingdom.

1111. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Bast or Straw Hate, or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, exported from this Kingdom.

1112. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Bast or Straw Hats, or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, imported into this Kingdom.

1113. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shilling} be allowed upon every Dozen of Bast or Straw Hats, or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, exported from this Kingdom.

1114. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats, or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, imported into this Kingdom.

1115. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Dozen of Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats, or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, exported from this Kingdom.

1116. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings be charged upon every Dozen of Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats, or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, imported into this Kingdom.;

1117. Resolved, That it is, the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats, or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, exported from this Kingdom.

1118. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every Hat made of, or mixed with,

Felt, Hair, Wool, or Beaver, imported into this Kingdom.

1119. Resolved, That it is ^he Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Nineteen Shillings be allowed upon every Hat made of, or mixed with, Felt, Hair, Wool, or Beaver, exported from this Kingdom.

1120. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every Load, containing Thirty-six Trusses, each Truss being Fifty-six Pounds Weight, of Hay, imported into this Kingdom.

1121. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings be allowed upon every Load containing Thirty-six Trusses, each

\ 6 D Truss

Report cm simplifying the Public Accounts*

of Martii.

A. 1787.

470

Truss being Fifty-six Pounds Weight, of Hay, exported 1138. That it is the Opinion of this Com-

from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon

1122. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Pound Weight of Losh Hides imported into this mittee. That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be Kingdom.

charged upon every One hundred Weight of Heath for 1139. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Brushes imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon

1123. Resolved, That it is file Opinion of this Com- every Pound Weight of Muscovia or Russia Hides tanned, mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and imported into this Kingdom.

Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred 1140^ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Weight of Heath for Brushes exported from this Kingdom.

1124.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- ported into this Kingdom.

a itLduiftU) ji uat it 10 uit. ui uud vuur

mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Hones im-

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of drest

Hemp imported into this Kingdom in British-built

Ships.

1125. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of drest Hemp imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Forty-two Ships. Kingdom.

1126. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1143. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Nineteen mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten Shillings he allowed upon every One hundred Pence be allowed upon every Barrel, containing Weight of drest Hemp exported from this King- Forty-two Gallons, of Honey exported from this dom. Kingdom.

1127. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1144. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Five

1141. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Hones exported from this Kingdom.

1142. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Barrel, containing

Gallons, of Honey imported into this

be charged upon every One hundred Weight of rough or undrest Hemp imported into this Kingdom in built Ships.

1128. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of rough or uudrest Hemp imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1129. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of rough or undrest Hemp exported from this Kingdom.

1130. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Piece of Cow or Ox Hides, in the Hair, imported into this Kingdom.

1131. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of Hus Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Cow or Ox, Hides, in the Hair, exported from this Kingdom.

113d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cow or Ox Hides tanned, imported into this Kingdom.

Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Iron Hoops for Casks imported into this Kingdom.

1145. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One thousand of

Hoops of Wood for Coopers imported into this

Kingdom.

1146. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of

Hoops of Wood for Coopers exported from this

Kingdom.

1147.. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Hops imported into this Kingdom.

1148. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pounds Three

Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every

One hundred Weight of Hops exported from this Kingdom.

1149. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

*..« j»u.5uvi... mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence

1133. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five

mittee, That a Duty of Five Pence Half-penny be Score, of Horns of Cows or Oxen imported into this charged upon every Pound Weight of Tanned Hides Kingdom. '

of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, imported into this *150. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight

1134. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing mittee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon Five Score, of Horns of Cows or Oxen exported from this every Piece of Hides of Hordes, Mares, or Geldings, in Kingdom.

the Hair, imported into this Kingdom, 1151. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

113$. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon mittee, 'That a Drawback' of Eight Pence be allowed every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Horn Tips

upon every Piece of Hides of Horses, Mares, or imported into this Kingdom.

Geldings, in the Hail*, exported from this King- 1152. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-dom. . mittee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon

1136. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Horn Tips

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be exported from this Kingdom?

charged upon every Piece of undressed Indian Hides im- . 1153* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings be

1137. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- charged upon every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, imported mittee, That a Drawback of One Shining and One Half- into this Kingdom.

penny be allowed, upon every Piece of undressed Indian 1154. Resolved, That.it is the Opinion of this Corn-Hides. exported from this Kingdom'. % mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Nineteen

9 Shillings

27 Geo. III. j° Martii. 471

Shillings be allowed upon every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exported from this Kingdom.

1155. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Jet imported into this Kingdom.

1156. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Jet exported from this Kingdom.

1157. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of unwrought Incle, or short Spinnel, imported into this Kingdom.

1158. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of wrought Incle imported into this Kingdom.

1159. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Five Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of wrought Incle exported from this Kingdom.

1160. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Indico imported into this Kingdom.

1161. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Ink for Printers imported into this Kingdom.

1162. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Ink for Printers exported from this Kingdom.

1163. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ton Weight of unwrought Iron, the Produce of Ireland, imported into this Kingdom.

1164. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Seven Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every Too Weight of unwrought Iron, the Produce of Ireland, exported from this Kingdom.

1165. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Ton Weight ef unwrought Iron imported into this Kingdom in British Aymt Ships.

1166. Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Duty of Three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every Ton Weight of unwrought Iron of Muscovy or imported into

this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1167. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Ton Weight of unwrought Iron, not the Produce of Ireland, or Muscovy or Russia, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1108. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Ton Weight of unwrought Iron exported from this Kingdom.

1169. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Penee . be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Iron, of the Produce of Ireland, slit or hammered into Rods, imported into this Kingdom.

1170. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eleven- Pence be allowed upon every One hundradl

Vox- 42. *

Weight of Iron, of the Produce of Ireland, slit or hammered into Rods, exported from this Kingdom.

1171. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Iron, of the Produce of Ireland, drawn or hammered less than Three Quarters of an Inch square^ imported into this Kingdom.

1172. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Iron, of the Produce of Ireland, drawn or hammered less than Three Quarters of an Inch square, exported from this Kingdom.

1173. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Iron, slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn of hammered less than Three Quarters of an Inch Square* imported into this Kingdom.

1174. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of fob Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Iron, of the Produce of Muscovy or Russia, slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than Three Quarters of an Inch square, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1175. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Niue Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Iron, slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than Three Quarters of an Inch square, exported from this Kingdom.

1176. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton of Iron Ore imported into thb Kingdom.

1177. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ton of Iron Ore exported from this Kingdom.

1178. Resolved, That it b the Opinion ef this Committee, That a Duty erf Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton of Old Broken and Cast Iron imported into thb Kingdom.

1179. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ton of Old Broken and Cast Iron exported from this Kingdom.

1180. Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be Charged upon every Ton of Pig Iron imported into tbb Kingdom.

1181. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Com*

mittee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed upon every Ton of Pig Iron exported from thb Kingdom.

1182. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Cobh mittee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Penest he charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fitty-two Gallons, of the Juice of Lemons imported into thb Kingdom.

1183. llesolved. That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Draw back of Three Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of foe Juice ot Lemons exported from this Kingdom.

*184. Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Gallon of the Juice of Limes imported into fob Kingdom.

1185. Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Gallon of the Juice of Limes exported from fob Kingdom*

1186. Resolved,

Report on

tl.e Public Account!.

474 7 MarA. 1787.

Report on li86. RmtcecI, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1204. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

simplifying mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Thirteen AccwntT charged upon every Pound Weight of Ivory imported Shillings and _ Three Pence be allowed upon every into this Kingdom. Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gal-

1187. Resolved , That it is the Opinion of this Com- Ions, of Pickled Lemons exported from this King-tnittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed dom.

upon every Pound Weight of Ivory exported from this 1205. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence

1188. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every One thousand of Lemons and mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence Oranges imported into this Kingdom.

be charged upon every Ton Weight of Kelp imported 1206. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and

1189. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One thousand mittee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings be allowed of Lemons and Oranges exported from this King-upon every Ton Weight of Kelp exported from this dom.

Kingdom. 1207. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1190. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence

mittee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Eight be charged upon every Gross, containing Twelve Pence be charged upon every Dozen Yards of Thread Dozen Knots, of Lutestrings imported into this Bone Lace imported into this Kingdom. ' Kingdom.

1191. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1208. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two Eight Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Yards of Pence be allowed upon every Gross, containing Twelve Thread Bone Lace exported from this Kingdom. Dozen Knots, of Lutestrings exported from this

1192. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee. That a Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings 1209. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-and Three Pence be charged upon every One hun- mittee. That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon dred Weight of Lamp Black imported into this every Ell of Plaiu Alexandria, or Turkey Linen, not Kingdom. exceeding One Yard in Width, imported into this

1193. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Thirteen 1210. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every mittee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed One hundred Weight of Lamp Black exported from upon every Ell of Plain Alexandria, or Turkey Linen, this Kingdom. not exceeding One Yard in Width, exported from this

1194. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

inittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon 1211. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pognd Weight of Lard imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon Kingdom. every Ell of Plain Alexandria, or Turkey Lineu, ex-

1195. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- ceeding One Yard in Width, imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Kingdom.

Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of 1212. That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Black Latten imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed

1196. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- upon every Ell of Plain Alexandria, or Turkey Linen, mittee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and exceeding One Yard ,in Width, exported from this Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Kingdom.

Weight of Black Latten exported from this King- 1213. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-dom. mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Three

1197. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be charged upon every Piece of Plain White mittee. That a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings be Cailicoe imported into this Kingdom by the East Indus charged upon every One hundred Weight of Shaven Company.

Latten imported into this Kingdom. 1214. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-,

1198. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed

mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound and Four upon the Exportation of every Piece of Plain White Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Cailicoe, having been imported into this Kingdom by Shaven Latten exported from this Kingdom. the East India Company.

1199. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1215. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Eight mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings Pence be charged upon every Ton Weight of Lead Ore be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the imported into this Kingdom. true ana real Value of all Plain White Callicoes im-

1200. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- ported into this Kingdom, according to the gross Price

mittee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and Eight at which the same shall be publickly spld at the Sales Pence be allowed upon every Ton Weight of Lead Ore of the East India Company. N

exported from this Kingdom. 1216. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1201. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Drawback of Sixteen Pounds Ten

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds be charged upon every One hundred Leaves of Gold of the true and real Value of all Plain White Calli-. imported into this Kingdom. coes exported from this Kingdom to Africa, accord-

1202. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coming to the gross Price at which the same shall have mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Com-upon every One hundred Leaves of Gold exported pany.

from this Kingdom. 1217. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1203. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Drawback of Eleven Pounds, Fifteen inittee, That a Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings Shillings, be allowed for every One hundred Pounds and Three Pence be charged upon every Ton, contain- of the true and real Value of all Plain White Calli-ing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Pickled coes, exported from this Kingdom to the British Co-

Lemons imported into this Kingdom. , Ipnies or Plantations in America, according to the gross ✓

.. ‘ Prica

GeO; III. 7d Martii. 473

tVice at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company.

1218. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Callicoes, according to the gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas, except the British Colonies or Plantations in America, if the said Goods shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in this Kingdom.

1219. Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Pounds Ten Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain White Callicoes, according to the gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas, except to Africa and the British Colonies or Plantations in America, if the said Goods shall be exported from this Kingdom without having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed therein.

1220. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this-Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Seven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Dutch Barrass, and Hessens Canvas, imported into this Kingdom.

1221. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Five Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Dutch Barrass, and Hessens Canvas, exported from this Kingdom.

1222. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queenborough Canvas, imported into this

Kingdom.

1223. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queenborough Canvas, exported from this Kingdom.

1224. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Bolt, containing Twenty-eight Ells, of Polldavies imported into this Kingdom.

1225. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, not

- exceeding One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell in Breadth, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1226. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, not exceeding One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell in Breadth, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom.

1227. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, above One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell, and under Two Ells in Breadth, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1228. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Eight

Vox.. 42.

Pence be allowed upoti evefy Yard of Damask Tabling.

above One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell, and under Two Ells in Breadth, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French Kltig, exported from this Kingdom.

1229. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings be charged upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, of the Breadth of Two Ells, or upwards, and under the Breadth of Three Ells, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1230. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, of the Breadth of Two' Ells or upwards, and under the Breadth of Three Ells, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom.

] 231. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, of the Breadth of Three Ells or upwards, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1232. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, of the Breadth of Three Ells or upwards, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the Fretich King, exported from this Kingdom.

1233. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

1234. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Yard of Damask Tabling, of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

1235. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Yard of Damask Towelling and Napkenning, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1236. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Damask Towelling and Napkenning, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the pean Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom.

1237. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Yard of Damask Towelling and Napkenning, of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

J 238. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Yard of Damask Towtiling and Napkenning, of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

1239. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, not exceeding One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell in Breadth, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other

6.E 9f

Report on

simplifying the Public Accounts.

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts*

474

7° Martii. A. 1787.

of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions

of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1240. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback* of Two Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, not exceeding One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell in Breadth, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom.

1241. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, above the Breadth of One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell, and under Two Ells of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1242. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, above the Breadth of One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell, and under Two Ells, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom.

1243. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, of the Breadth of Two Ells or upwards, and under Three Ells, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1244. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, of the Breadth of Two Ells or upwards, and under Three Ells, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of< the European Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom.

124,5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, of the Breadth of Three Ells or upwards, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1246. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, of the Breadth of Three Ells or upwards, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom.

1247. Resolved’, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny be charged upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling, of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

1248. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Diaper Tabling of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

1249. Resolved, That it is the Opinion -of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Yard of Diaper Towelling or Napkenning, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The United

Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

12.50. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Diaper Towelling or Napkenning, of the Manufacture of Holland, or any other of The d

United Provinces, or of the European t)ominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom.

1251. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Yard of Diaper Towelling or Napkenning, of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

1252. Resolved, That it is tlje Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Diaper Towelling or Napkenning, of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, exported from this Kingdom:

1253. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Drillings, or Pack Duck, imported into this Kingdom.

1254. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Drillings, or Pack Duck, exported from this Kingdom.

1255. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Ell of Plain Flanders or Holland Linen, or Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding One E11 and One Eighth of an Ell in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1256. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Two Peuce be allowed upon every Ell of Plain Flanders or Holland Linen, or Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

12.57. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Seven Pence be charged upon every Ell of Plain Flanders or Holland Linen, or Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated, above One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell, and under Two Ells in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1258. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Five Pence be allowed upon every Ell of Plain Flanders or Holland Linen, or Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated, above One Ell and One Eighth of an Ell, and under Two Ells in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1259. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ell of Plain Flanders or Holland Linen, or Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated, of the Breadth of Two Ells or upwards, and under Three Ells, imported into this Kingdom.

1260. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Ell of Plain Flanders or Holland Linen, or Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated, of the Breadth of Two Ells or upwards, and under Three Ells, exported from this Kingdom.

1261. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every Ell of Plain Flanders or Holland Linen, or Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated, of the Breadth of Three Ells or upwards, imported into this Kingdom.

1262. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

37 Geo. IIL ' 70 Marlii. 475

Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every Ell of Plain Flanders or Holland Linen, or Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated, of the Breadth of Three Ells or upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

1263. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds One Shilling and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of German, Switzerland, East Country (except Russia) and Silesia, Plain Cloth, above the Breadth of Thirty-one Inches and a Half, and not exceeding Thirty-six Inches, imported into this Kingdom.

1264. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of German, East

Country (except Russia) and Silesia Plain Cloth, above the Breadth of Thirty-one Inches and a Half, and not exceeding Thirty-six Inches, exported from this Kingdom.

12C5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of German, Switzerland, East Country (except Russia) and Silesia Plain Cloth, above Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1266. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Drawback of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of German, Switzerland, East Country (except 'Russia) and Silesia Plain Cloth, above Thirty-six Iuches in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1267. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of German, Switzerland, East Country (except Russia) and Silesia Plain Cloth, not above Thirty-one Inches and a Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1268. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Two Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of German, Switzerland, East Country (except Russia) and Silesia Plain Cloth, not above Thirty-one Inches and a Half in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1269. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred and

.Twenty Ells of Brown Hilderlands, under the Breadth of Twenty-two Inches and a Half, imported into this Kingdom.

1270. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Brown Hilderlands, under the Breadth of Twenty-two Inches and a Half, exported from this Kingdom.

1271. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Plain I Cloth, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1272. Resoh'cd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Plain Irish Cloth, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1273. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings

Vol. 42.

and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Plain Irish Cloth, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1274. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Plain Irish Cloth, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1275. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Demi Piece of Lawn, not exceeding Seven Yards and Three Quarters of a Yard in Length, and not exceeding One Yard and One Quarter of a Yard in Breadth, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

1276. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Demi Piece of Lawn, not exceeding Seven Yards and Three Quarters of a Yard in Length, and not exceeding One Yard and One Quarter of a Yard in Breadth, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

1277. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards, of Silesia and all other Lawns, except Lawns of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland Whited Lawns, imported into this Kingdom.

1278. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Piece, not -exceeding Eight Yards, of Silesia and all other Lawns, except Lawns of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland Whited Lawns, exported from this Kingdom.

1279. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards, of Silesia and all other Lawns, except Lawns of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not bleached in Holland, imported into this Kingdom.

1280. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards, of Si and all other Lawns, except Lawns of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not bleached in Holland, exported from this Kingdom.

1281. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Ell of Oil Cloth, not exceeding One Yard Wide, imported into this Kingdom.

1282. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence be allowed upon every Ell of Oil Cloth, not exceeding One Yard Wide, exported from this Kingdom.

1283. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every Ell of Oil Cloth, exceeding One Yard Wide, imported into this Kingdom.

1284. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Ell of Oil Cloth, exceeding One Yard Wide, exported from this Kingdom.

1285. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred and

Twenty

Rf port on simplifying the Public Accounts.

Report on

simplifying the Public Accounts

476 7° Martii. 1787.

Twenty EUs of Towelling or Napkenning, of the Manufacture of Russia, not exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in British'built Ships.

1286. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Towelling or Napkenning, of the Manuracture of Russia, not exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1287. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Towelling or Napkenning, of the Manufacture of Russia, not exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1288. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in built

Ships.

1289. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1290. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1291. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half, and not exceeding Thirty-one Inches and a Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1292. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Five Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, and not exceeding Thirty-one Inches and a Half, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1293. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Two Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, and not exceeding Thirty-one Inches and a Half, exported from this Kingdom.

1294. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Thirty-one Inches and a Half in Breadth, and not exceeding Thirty-six Inches, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1295. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Thirty-one Inches and a Half in Breadth, and not exceeding

Thirty-six Inches, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1296. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Thirty-one Inches and a Half in Breadth, and not exceeding Thirty-six Inches, exported from this Kingdom.

1297. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding Forty-five Inches, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1298. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen xCloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding Forty-five Inches, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1299. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding Forty-five Inches, exported from this Kingdom.

1300. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Forty-five Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1301. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Forty-five Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1302. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Forty-five Inches in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1303. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1304. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, of Holland, or any other of The United Provinces, or of the European Dominions of the French King, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1305. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Sail Cloth of Russia, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1306. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

2j Geo. III. 7b Mat 47?

Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Sail Cloth of Russia, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1307. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Sail Cloth of Russia, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in British*\m\t Ships.

1308. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Doty of Three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Sail Cloth of Russia, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1309. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-iniuee. That a Dqty of Two Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1310- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1311. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Yard of Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the Manufacture of Ireland, on which the Bounty of Four Pence the Yard has been granted there, being of the Value of Fourteen Pence the Yard, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom.

1312. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Yard of Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the Manufacture of Ireland, on which the Bounty. of Two Pence the Yard has been there granted, being of the Value of Ten Pence, and under the Value of Fourteen Pence the Yard, imported into this Kingdom.

1313. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of Old Sheets imported into this Kingdom.

1314. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Old Sheets exported from this Kingdom.

1315. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duly of Five Pence be charged upon every EH of plain Spanish or Portugal Linen, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1316. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Peuce Half-pemvy be allowed upon every Ell of plain Spanish or Portugal Linen, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1317. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every EU of plain Spanish or Portugal Linen, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom.

1318. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every EU of plain Spanish or Portugal Linen, exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

1319. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four

Vol. 42.

pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Litmus imported into this Kingdom.

1320. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Madder imported into this Kingdom.

1321., Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a liuty of Six Pence be charged upon every Map imported into this Kingdom.

1322.. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Mats, the Produce of Russia, imported into this Kingdrim in -

built Ships. _ .

1323. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Mats, the Produce of Russia, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1324. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Mats, the Produce of Russia, exported from this Kingdom.

1325. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Yard of Matting, the Produce of Barbary or Portugal, imported into this Kingdom.

1326. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Yard of Matting, the Produce of Barbary or Portugal, exported from this Kingdom.

1327. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Yard of Matting, the Produce of Holland, imported into this Kingdom.

1328. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Yard of Matting, the Produce of Holland, exported from this Kingdom.

1329. Ilesohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Hogshead, containing Sixty-three Gallons, of Mead imported into this Kingdom.

1330; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Hogshead, containing Sixty-three GaUons, of Mead exported from, this Kingdom.

1331. Resolved, That it'is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings add Four Pence be charged upon every Bushel of Medlar^ imported into this Kingdom.

133a. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Bushel of Medlars exported from this Kingdom.

1333. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Melasses, of the Produce of the British Plantations in America, imported from thence into this Kingdom.

X334- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Melasses, of the Produce of the British Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom.

1335. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings arid Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Melasses imported into this Kingdom.

1336, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

* 6 F mitteb,

Report on simplifying the Public AcfctiOnts.

7® Martii.

A. 1787.

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

mittee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Melasses exported from this Kingdom.

1337. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Packet, containing Two hundred and Fifty Leaves, of Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) imported into this Kingdom.

1338. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Packet, containing Two hundred and Fifty Leaves, of Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) exported from this Kingdom.

1339. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Metal prepared for Battery imported into this Kingdom.

1340. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Metal prepared for Battery exported from thb Kingdom.

1341. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Hogshead, containing Sixty-three Gallons, of MethegHn imported into this Kingdom.

1342. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Hogshead, containing Sixty-three Gallons, of Metheglin exported from this Kingdom.

1343. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Morels imported into this Kingdom.

1344. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Morels exported from this Kingdom.

1345. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten PeBce be charged upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons, of Mum' imported into this Kingdom.

1346. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons, of Mum exported from this Kingdom. _

1347. Reserved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Ditty of One Shilling be charged upon every Dozen of Treats Tongues imported into this Kingdom.

1348. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Five Pence be charged upon every Bushel of Chesnuts imported into this Kingdom.

1349. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Fence be allowed upon every Bushel of Chesnuts exported from this Kingdom.

1350. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Bushel of Small Nuts imported into this Kingdom.

1351. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Bushel of Small Nuts exported from this Kingdom.

1352. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Bushel of Walnuts imported into this Kingdom.

*353- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon every Bushel of Walnuts exported from this Kingdom.

1354. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Oak Bark imported into this Kingdom.

1355- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Bushel of Oaker imported into this Kingdom.

1356. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Bushel of Oaker exported from this Kingdom.

1357. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Oakham imported into this Kingdom.

1358. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Oakham exported from thb Kingdom.

1359. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny be charged upon every Gallon of Sailed Oil imported into this Kingdom in British-bvnltShips.

1360. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Sallad Oil imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1361. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Gallon of Sallad Oil exported from thb Kingdom.

1362. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pounds and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported into this Kingdom in BnVis/j-built Ships.

1363. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Ordinary Oil of Olives imported into thb Kingdom in Foreign Klips.

1364. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of 5ix Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Too, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Ordinary Oil of Olives exported from this Kingdom.

1365. Resolved, That it fe the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-four Pounds ’Four Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rape or Linseed Oil imported into thb Kingdom.

1366. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-two Pounds Nine Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rape or Linseed Ofl exported from this Kingdom.

1367. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-.two Gallons, of Oil of Hemp Seed, or any other Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated, imported into thb Kingdom.

1368. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of Twelve Pounds Fourteen Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Oil of Hemp Seed, or any other Seed Oil, not otherwise-enumerated, exported from thb Kingdom.

9 *369. Resolved,

27 Geo. III. 70 Martii. 479

1369. Resolved, That it'is the Opinion of this Com- Pence he charged upon every Ton, CQOtaininoTwo bun- Report mittee, That a Duty of Eighteen Pouods Three Shil- dred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train (Oil, or blubber, simplifying lings be charged upon every Ton, containing T«o or Fish Oil, taken 00 the Banks of A

hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train Oil, or Blubr or such like Kind of OH, or Blubber, by any Shipping c her, or Fish Oil of Foreign Fishing, imported into this belonging to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or PUnta-Kingdam. tions in America, and imported in such Shipping wtP

1370. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Thirteen Pounds Thirteen 1380. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two mittee, That a Draw back of Ten Shillings and Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train Oil, or Blub- Pence be allowed upon the Exportation w every Ton, her, or Fish Oil of Foreign Fishing, exported from this containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train Kingdom. Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, taken ou the Banks of

1371. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- News oundland, or such like Kind of GH, or Blut>ber, by mittee. That a Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings any Slapping belonging to any of His Majesty’s Color and Three Pence be charged upon ewery Too, con- nies or Plantations in America, and imported in such taming Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train Shipping into this Kingdom.

OH, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of British Fishing in the 1381. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Greenland Seas, and Parts adjacent, imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence Kingdom. be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred

1372. Resolved, That it is ithe Opinion of this Com- and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eleven ShH- Oil, taken ou the Banks of Newfoundland, or such like Bags and Three Pence be allowed upon every Ton, Kind of OH, or Blubher, by any Shipping belonging to containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America,

Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of British Fishing in and imported into this Kingdom in Shipping belonging the Greenland Seas, and Parts adjacent, exported from to Great Britain.

this Kingdom. 1382. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

1373- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Five mittee. That a Duty of Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Ton, be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, taken on the Banks Oil, taken by any Shipping belonging to His Majesty’s of Newfoundland, or such like Kind of Oil, or Blubber,

Colonies or Plantations in America, in the Greenland by any Shipping belonging to any of His Majesty’s Seas, and Parts adjacent, and imported in such Slapping Colonies or Plantaiioiis in America, and imported Into this Kingdom. into this Kingdom in Shipping belonging to Great

1374. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Britain. mittee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Five 1383. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Too, mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of and Three Pence be charged upon every Hogshead,

Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, taken by any Ship- containing Sixty-tbsae Gallons, of Olives imported into ping belonging to His Majesty’s Colonies or Plauta- this Kingdom.

<ions in America, in the Greenland Seas, and Parts 1384. Revoked, That it is (the Opinion of this Com-djacent, and imported in such Shipping into this mittee. That a Drawback of One Pound Eleven ShHr Kingdom. lings and Three Pence be allowed upon every Hogshead,

*375- Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Com- containing Sixty-three Gallops, of Olives exported from mittee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Two this Kingdura.

Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two 1385. Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Cem-hondeed and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train OH, or Blub- mittee, That a Duty of Three Peace be charged her, or Fish Oil, taken by any Shipping belonging to sipon every Bushel of Onions imported into this His Majesty’s Calooies or Plantations in America, and Kingdom.

imported in Ships belonging to Great Britain into this 1386. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Two Penae Half-penny be

1376. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of (this Com- allowed upon every Bushel of Onions exported from tine mittee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Seven Kingdom.

Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Ton, 1387. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Ponce Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, taken by any Shipping he charged upon every One thousand of Oranges and belonging to His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in -Lemons imported into this Kingdom.

America, and imported in Ships belonging to Great 1388. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of das Com- v

Britain into -this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and

1377. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn- Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One thousand mittee, That a Duty-of One Pound 'Six Shillings and of Oranges and Lemons exported from this King-Five Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing dom.

Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train OH, or 1389. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Coo Blubber, or Fish Oil, taken on the Banks of Neafnindr mittee, That a Duty of Six Stallings and Four Pence land, or such like Kind of Gil, or (Blubber, imported into be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Orchal tbb Kingdom. imported into tins Kingdom.

1378. Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this (Com- 1390. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback -of One Pound Three Shillings mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and One Penny nod Five Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Occbdia,

Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train Gil, <or or Atcbelia, imported into thb Kingdom.

Blubber, or Fish Oil, taken on the Banks of Newfound- 1391. Revoked, That it is the Opinion of tins Con> land, or such like Kind of Oil, or Blubber, exported mktee, That a Duty of Six Shillings be charged upon from thb Kingdom. every One Dozen Pounds Weight of Orse Dew imported

1379. Resolved That it b the Opinion of this Com- into -this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Throe 1392. Thpt it b the Opinion of thb

Vo 1.43. Committee

480 7° . 1787.

Report on Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and 1409. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-simplifying Three Pence be allowed upon every One Dozen Pounds tnittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Accounts' of Orse Dew exported from this Kingdom. Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called

1393. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Genoa Fools Cap Second, i mported into this King-mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three dom.

Pence be charged upon every One hundred Pounds 1410. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Weight of Packthread imported into this Kingdom. mittee. That a Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence 1394. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called German mittee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Fool's Cap. imported into this Kingdom.

Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred 1411. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Compounds Weight of Packthread exported from this mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Kingdom. Pencfe be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called

1395* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Fine Printing Fools Cap. imported into this King* mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be dom.

charged upon every Dozen of Pails of Wood, or Kits 1412. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-of Wood, imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence

1396. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Second mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Ordinary Printing Fool’s Cap. imported into this Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Pails of Kingdom.

Wood, or Kits of Wood, exported from this King- 1413. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-dom. mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Nine Pence

1397. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Cartridge, mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon imported into this Kingdom.

every Pound Weight of Painters Colours, not otherwise 1414- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-euumerated, imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon

1398. Resohxd, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Ream of Paper, called Chancery Double, imported mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny into this Kingdom.

be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Painters 1415. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Colours, not otherwise enumerated, exported from this mitee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Seven Pence Kingdom. be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Fine

1399. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Genoa Crown, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee. That a Duty of One Pound Eight Shillings 1416. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ream of mittee, That a Duty of Threfe Shillings and Nine Pence Paper, called Atlas Ordinary, imported into this King- be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Second dom. Genoa Crown, imported into this Kingdom.

1400. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1417. Resohxd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence and Two Pence be charged upon every Ream of be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called German Paper, called Atlas Fine, imported into this King- Crown, imported into this Kingdom.

dom. 1418. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1401. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Four be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Fine Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Printing Crown, imported into this Kingdom.

Rastard, or Double Copy, imported into this King- 1419. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-dom. mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four

1402. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Six Pence Second Ordinary Printing Crown, imported into this be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Blue Kingdom.

Royal, imported into this Kingdom. 1420. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1403. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence mittee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and One be charged upon evely Ream of Paper, called Demy Penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Fine, imported into this Kingdom.

Blue Paper for Sugar Bakers, imported into this 1421. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Kingdom. mittee. That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon

1404. Resolved, That it is 'the Opinion of this Com- every Ream of Paper, called Demy Second, imported

mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Eleven into this Kingdom.

Pence be charged upon every Bundle, containing 1422. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Forty Quires, of Brown Paper imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Nine Pence be Kingdom. changed upon every Ream of Paper, called Genoa Demy

1405. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Fine, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eleven Pence 1423. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Brown mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven Pence

Cap. imported into this Kingdom. be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Genoa

1406. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* Demy Second, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Two Pence be 1424. That it is the Opinion of this Com-

chained upon every Ream of Paper, called Fool’s Cap mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Fine, imported into this Kingdom. be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called German

1407. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Demy, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Four Pence 1425. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Fool’s mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Two Pence be Cap Second, imported into this Kingdom. charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Printing

1408. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Demy, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Seven 1426. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called mittee. That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Three Pence Genoa Fool’s Cap Fine, imported into this King- be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Elephant dom. Ordinary, imported into this Kingdom.

1427. Resolved,

27 Geo. III.

Martii.

481

1427. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- and Four Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper,

’ called Royal Fine, imported into this Kingdom.

1445. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Super Royal Fine, imported into this Kingdom.

1446. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Second Writing Royal, imported into this Kingdom.

1447. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Five Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Second Writing Super Royal, imported into this Kingdom.

1448. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Genoa Royal Fine, imported into this Kingdom.

1449. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Genoa Royal Second, imported into this Kingdom.

1450. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper,

mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Five Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Elephant Fine, imported into this Kingdom.

1428. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings and Two lienee be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Imperial Fine, imported into this Kingdom.

1429. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper called Imperial Second Writing, imported into this Kingdom.

1430. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called German Lombard, imported into this Kingdom.

1431. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Medium Fine, imported into this Kingdom.

1432. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Eleven

every Ream of Paper, called into this King-

Pence be charged upon

Second Writing Medium, imported dom.

1433. Resolved,

called

That it is the Opinion of this Com- Fine Holland Royal, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Genoa Medium F'ine, imported into this Kingdom.

1434. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Genoa Medium Second, imported into this Kingdom.

1435. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Small Post, imported into this Kingdom.

1436. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called

Fine Large Post, weighing Fifteen Pounds p Ream, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom.

1437. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called l'ine Large Post, weighing under Fifteen Pounds per ported from this Kingdom.

14,51. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Second Fine Holland Royal, imported into this Kingdom.

1452. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Ordinary Royal, imported into this Kingdom.

1453. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Dozen, containing Twelve Sheets, of Parchment, imported into this Kingdom.

1454. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Five Pence be charged upon every Bushel of Pears imported into this Kingdom.

1455. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon every Bushel of Pears ex-

Ream, imported into this Kingdom.

1438. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Fine Genoa Pot, imported into this Kingdom.

1439. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Second Genoa Pot, imported into this Kingdom.

1440. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Ordinary Pot, imported into this Kingdom.

1441. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Supertine Pot, imported into this Kingdom.

1442. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Seven Pence bo charged upon every Ream of Paper, called Second Fine Pot, imported into this Kingdom.

1443. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Pressing Paper imported into this Kingdom.

1444. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Five Shillings . Vo L. 42.

1456. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Bushel of dried Pears imported into this Kingdom.

1457. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Bushel of dried Pears exported from this Kingdom.

1458. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pounds Eight Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Perry imported into this Kingdom.

14.59. Resolved,- That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pounds Seven Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Perry exported from this Kingdom.

1460. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Old Pewter imported into this Kingdom.

14G1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Old Pewter exported from this Kingdom.

1462. Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Com-

6 G mitte$

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

482

Martii.

A. 1787.

Report on simplifying the Public AtCou&ts.

mittee, That a Duty of Nine Pertce be charged upon every Gallon of Pickles, not otherwise described and enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

1463. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed

be charged upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of Plaister of Pari*.imported into this Kingdom.

1476. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Pounds "Weight of Plaister

upon every Gallon of Pickles, not otherwise described of exported from this Kingdom.

and enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

1464. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings be charged upon every Picture of Four Feet Square, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1465. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Picture of Four Feet Square, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom.

1466. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Picture of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet Square, imported into this Kingdom by the East Company.

1477. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Platting, or other Manufacture, of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, to be used in, or proper for, making Hats or Bonnets, imported into this Kingdom.

1478. Resolved, That it is the "Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound W eight of Platting, or other Manufacture, of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, to be used in, or proper for, making Hats or Bonnets, exported from this Kingdom.

1479. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Ounce Weight Troy 6f Silver Plate, ungilt, imported into this Kingdom

1467. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- by the East India Company,

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Seven Shil- 1480. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-lings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Picture mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Two Pence of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet Square he charged upon every Ounce Weight Troy of Silver imported into this Kingdom. ’ Plate, ungilt, imported into this Kingdom.

1468. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1481. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Five Shillings mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Seven and Eight Pence be charged upon every Picture under Pence be charged upon every Ounce Weight Troy of Two Feet Square imported into this Kingdom by the Silver, Part gilt, Plate, imported into this Kingdom East India Company. by the India Company.

1469. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1482. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Three Shillings mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four and Ten Pence be charged upon every Picture under Pence be charged upon every Ounce Weight Troy of Two Feet Square imported into this Kingdom. Silver, Part gilt, Plate, imported into this

1470. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- doui.

King-

mittee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Last, containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel containing Thirty-one Gallons and an Half, of Pitch, not being of the Product of

1483. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ounce Weight Troy of Silver Plate, gilt, imported into this Kingdom by any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the East India Company.

Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom in British- 1484. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-built Ships. mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence

1471. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Ounce Weight Troy of Silver mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and One Plate, gilt, imported into this Kingdom.

Penny be charged upon every Last, containing Twelve 1485. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Barrels, each Barrel containing Thirty-one Gallons mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Seven Shillings and an Half, of Pitch, not being the Product of any and Eight Pence be charged upon every Ounce Weight of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Troy of Plate, wrought of Gold, imjmrted into this Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Kingdom by the East India Company.

Ships. 1486. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1472. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of One Pound 'Fen Shillings be mittee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and charged upon every Ounce Weight Troy of Plate,

containing

Two Pence be allowed upon every Last,

Twelve Barrels, each Barrel containing Thirty-one Gallons and an Half, of Pitch, not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, exported from this Kingdom.

1473. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every Last, containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel containing Sixty-one Gallons and an Half, of Pitch, of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom.

wrought of Gold, imported into this Kingdom.

1487. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Shock, containing Sixty Platters, of Wood imported into this Kingdom.

1488. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Shock, containing Sixty Platters, of Wood exported from this Kingdom.

1489. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Pome-

1474. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- granatea imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Last, containing Twelve Barrels, each Ban-cl containing Thirty-one Gallons and an Half, of Pitch, of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, exported from this Kingdom.

1490. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tt.is Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Pomegranates exported from this Kingdom.

1491. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight

147,5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny Potatoes imported into this Kingdom.

" 1492. Resolved,

27 Geo. III.

1492. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Potatoes exported from this Kingdom.

1493. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred of Melting Pots, for Goldsmiths, imported into this Kingdom.

1494. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred of Melting Pots, for Goldsmiths, exported from this Kingdom.

1495- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Ounce Weight of Powder of Brass, for Japanning, imported into this Kingdom.

1496. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Ounce Weight of Powder of Brass, for Japanning, exported from this Kingdom.

1497. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of Paper Prints imported into this Kingdom.

1498. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Hair Powder imported into this Kingdom.

1499. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Goose Quills imported into this Kingdom.

1500. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Goose Quills exported from this Kingdom.

1501. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every One thousand of Swan Quills imported into this Kingdom.

1502. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One thousand of Swan Quills exported from this Kingdom.

1503. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Quinces imported into this Kingdom.

1504. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Quinces exported from this Kingdom.

1505. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence, be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rape of Grapes imported into this Kingdom.

1500. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence, be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two huadred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rape of Grapes exported from this Kingdom.

1507. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence Farthing be charged upon every Gallon of Rennett imported into this Kingdom.

1508 ^Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Rennett exported from this Kingdom.

1509. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One huadred Weight Vot. 42.

483

of Rice imported into this Kingdom by the India Company.

1510. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon the Exportation od every One hundred Weight of Rice, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1511. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Rice imported into this Kingdom.

1512. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Four Pence'be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Rice exported from this Kingdom.

1513. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Rice, of the Growth and Production of any of the British Plantations in America, imported, for the Purpose of Ex(x)rtatioa to Foreign Parts, into the Ports of Plymouth, Exeter, Poole, Southampton, Chichester, and Glasgow, and the Members thereunto belonging.

1514. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Rosin, of the Product of any of the Dominions and Plantations belonging to the Crown# of Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom.

1515. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Rosin, of the Product of any of the Dominions and Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, exported from this Kingdom.

1516. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this om-mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Rosin, not of the Product of any of the Dominions and Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1517. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Rosin, not of the Product of any of the Dominions and Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1518- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Rosin, not of the Product of any of the Dominions and Plantations belonging to the'Crown of Great Britain, exported from this Kingdom.

1519. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings lie charged upon every Piece of Irish Rugs imported into this Kingdom.

1520. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Irish Rugs exported from this Kingdom.

1521. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Satflorc imported into this Kingdom.

1522. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Wey, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, to be used in curing of Fish, imported into this Kingdom in B/v/frA-huilt Ships.

1523. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Wey, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of

Suit,

70 Martii.

Report 00 simplifying the Publip Accounts,

Report mi simplifying the Public Accounts.

7° Martir. ' A. 1787.

Salt, to be used in curing of Fish, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1524. -Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every Wey, containing Forty Bushels, each- Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, to be used in curing of Fish, exported from this Kingdom.

1525. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Wey, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, not for curing of Fish, imported into this Kingdom m JBrtfwA-built Ships.

1526. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Wey, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, not for curing of Fish, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1527. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Wey, containing Forty Bjishels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, not for curing of Fish, exported from this Kingdom.

1528. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Wey, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, imported into this Kingdom from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, to be used in curing of Fish.

1529. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw back of Five Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every WTey, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, having been imported into this Kingdom from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, to be used in curing of l’ish.

1530. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every W*ey, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, imported into this Kingdom from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, not for curing of Fish.

1531. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Wey, containing Forty Bushels, each Bushel being Eighty-four Pounds Weight, of Salt, having been imported into this Kingdom from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, not for curing of Fish.

1,532. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Salt Petre imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1533. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Salt Petre, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1534- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Salt Petre imported into this Kingdom.

1535- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Salt Petre exported from this Kingdom.

1536- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Pound' Weight of Sausages, or Puddings, imported into this Kingdom.

1537. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sausages, or Puddings, exported from this Kingdom.

1538. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upoa every Dozen of Scoops of Wood imported into this Kingdom.

1539. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Scoops of Wood exported from this Kingdom.

1540. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Seainorse Teeth, or Sealiorse Teeth, imported into this Kingdom.

1541. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw back of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Seamorse Teeth, or Sealiorse Teeth, exported from this Kingdom.

1,542. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Couir mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Canary Seed imported into this Kingdom.

1543. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw'back of Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence b.e allowed upon every One hundred W'eight of Canary Seed exported from this Kingdom.

1544. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Kins Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Clover Seed imported into this Kingdom.

1545. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Clover Seed exported from this Kingdom.

1.546. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Quarter, containing Eight Bushels, of Cole Seed imported into this Kingdom.

1.547. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Quarter, containing Eight Bushels, of Cote Seed exerted from this Kingdom.

1548. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Quarter, containing

Eight Bushels, of Hemp Seed imported into tins

Kingdom.

O #

1549. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every Quarter, containing

Eight Bushels, of Flemp Seed exported from this

Kingdom.

1550. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence he charged upon every One hundred Weight of Lucerne Seed imported into this Kingdom.

1,5.51. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Lucerne Seed exported from this Kingdom.

1552. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Maw Seed imported into this Kingdom.

1553. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of l-’ourleen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred W'eight of Maw Seed exported from this Kingdom.

1554.

7 Geo. III. 70 Martii. 485

1554. Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Pound, containing Sixteen mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence Ounces, of Organzine and all Thrown Silk imported be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Millet' into this Kingdom.

Seed imported into this Kingdom. 1571. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cora-

1555. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Eleven

mittee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings be allowed Pence be allowed upon every Pound, containing Sixteen upon every One hundred Weight of Millet Seed ex- Ounces, of Organzine and all Thrown Silk exported ported from this Kingdom. from this Kingdom to Ireland.

1556. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1572. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence mittee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Five be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Mustard Pence be allowed upon every Pound, containing Sixteen Seed imported into this Kingdom. Ounces, of Organzine and all Thrown Silk exported

1557. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- from this Kingdom to any Place, except to Ireland.

mittee, That a Draw back of Two Shillings be allowed 1.573. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon every One hundred Weight of Mustard Seed mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged exported from this Kingdom. upon every Pound, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Raw

1558. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Silk imported into this Kingdom by the East India mittee. That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Eight Company.

Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of 1574. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Onion Seed imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon

1559. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Pound, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Raw Silk, mittee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and imported into this Kingdom.

Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred 1575- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Weight of Onion Seed exported from this King- mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Ten dom. Pence be allowed upon every Pound, containing Sixteen

1560. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Ounces, of Raw Silk exported from this Kingdom to mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Ireland.

Pence be charged upon every Quarter, containing 1576. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

Eight Bushels, of Rape Seed imported into this King- mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed dom. upon every Pound, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Raw

1561. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Silk exported from this Kingdom to any Place, except mittee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and to Ireland.

Nine Pence be allowed upon every Quarter, contain- 1577* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coming Eight Bushels, of Rape Seed exported from this mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon Kingdom. every Pound, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Nubs or

1562. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Husks of Silk imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon 1578. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Last, containing Ten Quarters, each Quarter mittee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny containing Eight Bushels, of Rape Seed, and all other be allowed upon every Pound, containing Sixteen Seeds commonly made use of for the Purpose of ex- Ounces, of Nubs or Husks of Silk exported from this tracting Oil therefrom, being of the Growth of Ireland, Kingdom.

and imported from thence into this Kingdom. 1579. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1563. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings and mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound, containing every Gross, containing Twelve Dozen, of Sheeps Sixteen Ounces, of Thrown Silk dyed imported into Guts dried, to make Whips, imported into this King- this Kingdom.

dom. 1580. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1564. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Two Shillings

mittee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed and Three Pence be allowed upon every Pound, con-upon every Gross, containing Twelve Dozen, of taining Sixteen Ounces, of Thrown Silk dyed exported Sheeps Guts dried, to make Whips, exported from this from this Kingdom to Ireland.

Kingdom. 1581. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

156,5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Drawback of One Pound One Shilling mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Pound, be charged upon every Dozen of Shovels of Wood, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Thrown Silk dyed ex-unshod, imported into this Kingdom. ported from this Kingdom to any Place, except to

1566. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Ireland.

mittee. That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six 1.582. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Shovels of mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Thirteen Shillings Wood, unshod, exported from this Kingdom. and Five Pence be charged upon every Pound, con-

1567. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- taining Sixteen Ounces, of Wrought Silk, being Crapes

mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three or Tiffanies, of the Manufacture of Italy, imported Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight from thence into this Kingdom.

of Shruff, or old Brass, imported into this King- 1583. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-dom.' mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings

1568. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- and Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound, con-

mittee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and taining Sixteen Ounces, of Wrought Silk, being Crapes

Niue Pence be allowed upon every One hundred or Tiffanies, of the Manufacture of Italy, otherwise Weight of Shruff, or old Brass, exported from this imported into this Kingdom.

Kingdom. 1584. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1569. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Four Shillings

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Five Pence be allowed upon every Pound, containing Sixteen be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Shumack Ounces, of Wrought Silk, being Crapes or Tiffanies, imported into this Kingdom. of the Manufacture of Italy, exported from this

1570. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Four Pence 1585. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Wou 42. 6 H mittee,

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts*

486 7* Martii. A. 1787.

Report on mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon 1603. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-the Public5 every Sheet for Whitsters imported into this King- mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings, be allowed Accounts! d°m. upon every Timber, containing Forty Calabar Skin%

1586. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- tawed, exported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Half-penny 1604. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe allowed upon every Sheet for Whitsters exported from mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence this Kingdom. be charged upon every Timber, containing Forty Ca-

1587. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- lahar Skms, untawed or undressed, imported into this mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged Kingdom.

upon every Timber, containing Forty Armin or Ermin 1005. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* Skins, undrest, imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight

1588. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be charged upon every Timber, containing Forty mittee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings be allowed Calabar Skins, untawed or undressed, exported from this upon every Timber, containing Forty Armin or Ermin Kingdom.

Skins, undrest, exported from this Kingdom. 1006. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1589. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be mitfoe, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon charged upon every Dozen of Irish Calf Skins, un-every Piece of Badger Skins, undressed, imported into dressed, imported into this Kingdom.

this Kingdom. 1607. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1590. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight mittee, That a Drawback, of Six Pence be allowed upon Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Calf Skins, every Piece of Badger Skins, undressed, exported from undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

this Kingdom. 1608. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1591. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Calf Skins upon every Piece of White Bear Skins, undressed, of any other Country, undressed, imported into this imported into this Kingdom. Kingdom.

1592. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1009. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings be allowed mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six upon every Piece of White Bear Skins undressed, Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Calf Skins exported from this Kingdom. of any other Country, undressed, exported from this

1593. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence 1O10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe charged upon every Piece of Bear Skins, of any mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence Half-penny be other Colour, undressed, imported into this King- charged upon every Pound Weight of Calf Skins, dom. tanned, imported into this Kingdom.

1594. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- i6n. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com*

mittee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every Piece of Bear Skins, of any other Colour, upon every One hundred of Cat Skins, undressed, undressed, exported from this Kingdom. imported into this Kingdom.

1595. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this jCom- 1612. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence Farthing be mittee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings be allowed charged upon every Piece of Beaver Skins, undressed, upon every One hundred of Cat Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom. exported from this Kingdom.

1596. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1613. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny be every Beaver Skin imported into this Kingdom from charged upon every Dozen of Coney Skins imported

any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in into this Kingdom.

America. 1614. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1597. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw back of Three Pence be allowed mittee, That a Duty of Five Pence Half-penny be upon every Dozen of Coney Skins exported from this charged upon every Piece of Beaver Wombs imported Kingdom.

into this Kingdom. 1615. That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1598. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Three Shillings and

mittee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon Six Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Cordivants,

every Buck or Deer’s Skin, undressed, imported into dressed, imported into this Kingdom by the East India

this Kingdom. Company. '

1599. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1616. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence Half-penny mittee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings and he allowed upon every Buck or Deer’s Skin, undressed, Nine Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every exported from this Kingdom. Dozen of Cordivants, dressed, having been imported

1600. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- into this Kingdom by the East India Company,

mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence Halfpenny be 1617. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cam-charged upon every Pound Weight of Inchan Buck or mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Twq Deer Skins, half dressed, imported into this King- Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Cordivants, dom. dressed, imported into this Kingdom from Turkey.

1601. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1618. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Drawback of Three Pence Three Far- mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Six things be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Indian Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Dozen Buck or Deer Skins, half dressed, exported from this of Cordivants, dressed, having been imported into tins Kingdom. Kingdom from Turkey.

1602. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1019. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings Pence be charged upon every Timber, containing and Four Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Forty Calabar Skins, tawed, imported into this King- Cordivants, dressed, imported into this Kingdom from dem. Spain.

1620. Resofyed,

7 Geo. III. 7 Martiu 487

1620. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1638. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Five Shillings mittee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed and Nine Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of upon every Dozen of Goat Skins of any other Country, every Dozen of Cordivants, dressed, having been undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

imported into this Kingdom from Spain. 1639. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1621. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence Half-penny be every Dozen of Goat Skins, tanned, imported into this charged upon every Piece of Dog Skins, undressed, Kingdom.

imported into this Kingdom. 1640. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1622. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed every One hundred and Twenty of Hare Skins, un-upon every Piece of Dog Skins, undressed, exported dressed, imported into this Kingdom.

from this Kingdom. 1641. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1623. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed

mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Dozen of Dog Fish Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1624. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Dog Fish Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1625. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Elk Skin, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1626. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Six Pence be allowed upon every Elk Skin, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1627. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Piece of Fisher Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1628. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Fisher Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1629. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Timber, containing Forty Fitches Skins,' undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1630. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every Timber, containing Forty Fitches Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1631. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every Black Fox Skin, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1632. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Ten Shillings, be allowed upon every Black Fox Skin, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1633. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Fox Skin of all other Sorts, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1634. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Fox Skin of all other Sorts, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1635. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Goat Skins of Ireland, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1636. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Goat Skins of Ireland, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1637. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Goat Skins, of any other Country, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

You 42.

upon every One hundred and Twenty of Hare Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1642. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Husse Skin, undressed, imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1643. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Husse Skin, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1644. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Three Farthings be allowed upon every Husse Skin, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1645. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Kid Skins, in the Hair, imported into this Kingdom.

1646. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Kid Skins, in the Hair, exported from this Kingdom.

1647. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Kid Skins, dressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1648. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Kid Skins, dressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1649. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, imported into this Kingdom.

1650. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, exported from this Kingdom.

1651. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing rive Score, of Lamb Skins, dressed in Alum, imported into this Kingdom.

1652. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Lamb Skins, dressed in Alum, exported from this Kingdom.

1653. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Lamb Skins, dressed in Oil, imported into this Kingdom.

1654. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'fhat a Drawback erf One Pound One Shilling

and

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

4$ 8 7° A. 1787.

Report on and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, Pence be charged upon every Piece of Moose Skins,

thTpiibiic6 containing Five Score, of Lamb Skins, dressed in Oil, undressed, imported into this kingdom.

Accounts, exported from this Kingdom. 1672. Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Com-

1655. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Moose Skins, Half-penny be charged upon every One hundred and undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

Twenty Slink Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, 1673. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

imported into this Kingdom. mittee. That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nina

1656. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be charged upon every One hundred Musquash mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty 1674. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Slink Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, exported mittee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and from this Kingdom. Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Mus-

1657. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- quash Skins, undressed, exported from this King-mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eleven Pence dom.

be charged upon every Piece of Leopard Skins, un- 1675. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coin-dressed, imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Five Pence

1658. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Piece of Otter Skins, undressed, mittee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Three imported into this Kingdom.

Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Leopard Skins, 1676. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-undressed, exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three

1659. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Otter Skins, mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

be charged upon every Piece of Lion Skins, undressed, 1677. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence

1660. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Piece of Ounce Skins, undressed, mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six imported into this Kingdom.

Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Lion Skins, 1678. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-undressed, exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and One

1661. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Piece mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings of Ounce Skins, undressed, exported from this King-be charged upon every Timber, containing Forty dom.

Martins or Martrons Skins, undressed, imported into 1679- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence

1662. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Piece of Panther Skins, un-mittee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Ten Shil- dressed, imported into this Kingdom.

lings be allowed upon every Timber, containing Forty 1680. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Martins or Martrons Skins, undressed, exported from mittee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings be allowed this Kingdom. upon every Piece of Panther Skins, undressed, exported

1663. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged 1681. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-v upon every One hundred Martins or Martrons Tails, mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence undressed, imported into this Kingdom. Half-penny be charged upon every Dozen of Pelts

1664. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- of Goats, undressed, imported into this Kingdom,

mittee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings be allowed 1682. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon every One hundred Martins or Martrons Tails, mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three undressed, exported from this Kingdom. Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Pelts of

1665. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Goats, undressed, exported from this Kingdom,

mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings be 1683. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-charged upon every Timber, containing Forty Minks mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Skins, tawed, imported into this Kingdom. Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Pelts of

1666. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Goats, dressed, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound be allowed 1684. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* upon every Timber, containing Forty Minks Skins, mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six tawed, exported from this Kingdom. Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Pelts of

1667. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Goats, dressed, exported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Six 1683/ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Pence be charged upon every Timber, containing mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three

Forty Minks Skins, untawed or undressed, imported Pence be charged upon every One hundred Pelts of into this Kingdom. all other Sorts, undressed, imported into this King-

1668. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- dom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings be al- 1686. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-lowed upon every Timber, containing Forty Minks mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Six Skins, untawed or undressed, exported from this Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Pelts of all

Kingdom. other Sorts, undressed, exported from this King-

1669. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- dom.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon 1687. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Dozen of Mole Skins, undressed, imported into mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine this Kingdom. Pence be charged upon every One hundred Raccoon

1670. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom,

mittee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny 1688. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe allowed upon every Dozen of Mole Skins, un- mittee. That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Six dressed, exported from this Kingdom. Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Raccoon

1671. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom, jnittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine 1689. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

2y Geo. III.

7° Marti.

489

Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pounds Five Shillings he charged upon every Timber, containing Forty Sables Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1690. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thut a Drawback of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings be allowed upon every Timber, containing Forty Sables Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1691. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every Piece of Sables Tails, or Tips of Sable, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1692. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Sables Tails, or Tips of Sable, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1 (193. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every undrest Seal Skin imported into this Kingdom.

1694. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon every undrest Seal Skin exported from this Kingdom.

1695. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, imported into this Kingdom.

1696. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, exported from this Kingdom.

1697. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Sheep Skins, dressed in Oil, imported into this Kingdom.

1698. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six-Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Sheep Skins, dressed in Oil, exported from this Kingdom.

1699. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Sheep Skins, otherwise dressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1700. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Sheep Skins, otherwise dressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1701. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon every Piece of Swan Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1702. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Swan Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1703. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Piece of Tyger Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1704. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Tyger Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1705. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Weezle Skins, undressed, imported into this Kingdom,.

1706. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred and Twenty Weezle Skins, undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1707. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three

Vo l. 42.

Pence be charged upon every Piece of Wolf Skins, Rennrt on tawed, imported into this Kingdom. *in>i»luv»i.g

1708. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- I’ubl.e mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Six AtcounU-Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Wolf Skins, tawed, exported from this Kingdom.

1709. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Piece of Wolf Skins, untawed or undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1710. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Wolf Skins, untawed or undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1711. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin of Wolverings, undressed, imported into this Kingdom.

1712. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Skin of Wolverings; undressed, exported from this Kingdom.

1713. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- , mittee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sludc imported into this Kingdom.

1714. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Peuce be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Slude exported from this Kingdom.

1715. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Smalts imported into this Kingdom.

1716. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Halfpenny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Smalts exported from this Kingdom.

1717. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into this Kingdom, of the Produce or Manufacture of the British Plantations in America, or the Spanish West Indies.

17x8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

1719. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into this Kingdom.

1720. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Hard Sope imported into this Kingdom.

1721. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Soft Sope imported into this Kingdom.

1722. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Spelter imported into this Kingdom.

1723. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Spelter exported from this Kingdom.

1724. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Fine Spinal, to make Gauze, imported into this Kingdom.

ti 1 1725. Resolved,

Import on simplifying th»; Public Accounts,

490 70 Martii. 1787.

1725. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Fine Spinal, to make Gauze, exported from this Kingdom.

1726. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Starch imported into this Kingdom.

1727. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Gad Steel imported into this Kingdom.

1728. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Gad Steel exported from this Kingdom.

1729. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Eigtyt Pence be charged upon every, One hundred Weight of Long, or Wisp Steel, imported into this Kingdom.

1730. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Long, or Wisp Steel, exported from this Kingdom.

1731. Resolved, That it is, the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Last, containing Three Pair, of Dog Stones, imported into this Kingdom. , .

1732. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every Last, containing Three Pair, of Dog Stones, exported from this Kingdom.

1733. Resolved, That it is the;Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Emery Stones' imported into this Kingdom.

1734. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of ttys Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Emery Stones, the Produce of Turkey, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

17351 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Emery Stones exported from this Kingdom.

1736. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- „ mittee. That a Duty of One Penny Farthing be charged upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Marble Grave Stones, unpolished, imported into this Kingdom.

1737. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One, Penny be allowed upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, 0^ Marble Grave Stones, unpolished, exported from this Kingdom.

1738. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Marble Grave Stones, polished, imported into this Kingdom. , .

1739- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Marble Grave Stones, polished, exported from this Kingdom.

1740. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Half-penny be charged upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Grave Stones, not of Marble, polished or unpolished, imported into this Kingdom.

1741. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Farthing be allowed upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Grave Stones, not of Marble, polished or unpolished, exported from this Kingdom.

1742. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Foot Square of Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other polished Marble.(except GraveStones, and Paving Stones polished) imported into this Kingdom.

1743. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every Foot Square of Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and Other polished Marble (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones, polished) exported from this Kingdom.

1744. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Solid Foot of Marble Blocks imported into this Kingdom.

1745. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a'Drawback of'One Shilling and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Solid Foot of Marble Blocks exported from this Kingdom.

1746. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One ! Penny Farthing be charged upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Rough Marble Paving Stones imported into this Kingdom,.

1747. Resolved, That it is thd Opinion of -this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Rough ‘Marble Paving Stones - exported from this Kingdom.

1748. ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Ditty of1 Two ' Pence HAlf-penny be charged' upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Polished Marble Paving Stcmes imported into this Kingdom.

C j t

1749. Resolved, That it is the 'Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback "of; Two Pence1 be allowed upon every Foot Square, 'superficial Measure, ’of Polished Marble Paving Stones exported from this Kingdom.

1750. Resolved, That it' i^ the Opinion of this Committee, That' a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings be charged Upon every Piece of Milt Stones imported into this Kingdom.

1751 .'Resolved,'That it is the Opinion1 of thfs Committee, That a Drawback'of' One Pound Nineteen ’Shillings' be allowed upon every Piece of Mill Stones exported, from this Kingdom.

1752. Resolved, That it is the Opiniorr of this Committee, That a* Duty of One Half-penny-be charged upon every "Fbot Square 'of' Paving Stones, not of Marble, imported into this Kingdom.

175)3* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this-Committee, That a Drawback of One'Farthing* be allowed upon every Foot?"Sqdare of Paving' Stones, not of Marble, exported from this Kirtgdom.

1754/ Resolved1, That It is1 the Opiniori of'this1 Committee, That a Duty df Fivte Shillings- dfid SR* Pence be charged upon every Toll of Pebble Stones -imported into this Kingdom.

ii(-1755 '. Resolved, That it is the Opmiort of tins Committee, Tha't a Draw back of Five Shillings be allowed upon every Ton of Pebble Stones "exported from this Kingdom.

175G! Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings - be -charged upon every Ton of Pomicd Stdnes imported' into this Kingdom.

1757’. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of > this Committee, That a "Draw-Hade of Two Shillings add Eight

Z ’ Pence

37 Geo. III. 7®

491

Pence be allowed upon every Ton of Pomice Stones exported from this Kingdom.

1758. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Puty of Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Last of large Quern Stones imported into this Kingdom.

1759. Resolved, lliat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Last of large Quern Stones exported from this Kingdom.

1760. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Last of small Quern Stones imported into this Kingdom.

1761. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Last of small Quern Stones exported from this Kingdom.

1762. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Slates, in Frames, imported into'this Kingdom.

1763. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Slates, in Frames, exported from this Kingdom.

1764. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence, be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Slick Stones imported into this Kingdom.

1765. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Slick Stones exported from this Kingdom.

1766. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sifence be charged upon every Piece of Tables of Slate, without Frames, imported into

this Kingdom.

1767. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pince be allowed upon every Piece of Tables of Slate, without Frames, exported from this Kingdom.

1768. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Fence be charged upon every One hundred of Whet Stoned imported into this Kingdom. ' v

1769. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred of Whet Stones exported from th'is Kingdom.

1770. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-, puttee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence . be .'Charged upon every Yard of 'Stuffs of all Sorts,

made; of or mixed with Wool, imported into this

Kingdom.

1771. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-'

mittee* That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Ten

Pence be allowed upon every Yard of Stuffs of all Sorts, made of or mixed with Wool, exported from this Kingdom.

1772. - Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a puty of One Shilling and Six Pence

be charged upon every Pound Weight of Succades imported into this Kingdom by the East India Com-, pany.

1773. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1’hat a Drawback of One Shilling and Five Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Pound Weight of Succades, having been iriiported into this Kingdom by the East India Company." ’ ‘

1774. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of fight PCrtce be charged upon tyery Pound Weight of Succades' imported into" this ..Kingdom.. ’ '

1775. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Vol. 42.

mittee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Succades exported from this Kingdom.

1776. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Gross, containing Twelve Dozen, of Swingles imported into this Kingdom.

1777. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings be allowed upon every Gross, containing Twelve Dozen, of Swingles exported from this Kingdom.

1778. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Syder imported into this Kingdom.

1779. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pende be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Syder exported from this Kingdom.

1780. Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nina Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Tails of Cows imported into this Kingdom.

1781. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Five Score, of Tails of Cows exported from this Kingdom. .

1782. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of 'fallow imported into thb Kingdom.

1783. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve. Shillings and Four Pence Iialf-penny be charged upon every Last, each LastcontainingTwelve Barrels, each Barrel being Thirty-one Gallons- and a Half, of Tar,' not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations, of the Crown of Great Brittnni imported into this Kingdom in built Ships.

1784. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a "Duty of Thirteen > Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every Last, each Last containing’Twelve 'Barrels, each Barrel being Thirty-one Gallons and a Half, of Tar, not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.'' < ' ’

1785. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon evqry Last, each Last Containing Twelve; Barrels, each Barrel being Thirty-one Gallons and a Half, of Tar, not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, exported from thb Kingdom. '

1786. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every Last, each Last Containing Twelve Barrels, £ach Barrel being Thirty-one Gallons-and a' Half, of Tar, of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations ‘of the Crbwn of Gnat -imported into this Kingdom.

1787. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Last, each Last containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel being Thirty-one Gallons and a Half; of Tar, of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, exported from this Kihgdbm. '.

1788. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence

be

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

49 4

7° Martii. A. 1787.

Jtefwrton simplifying the Public Accounts.

be charged upon every Barrel, containing Three Bushels, of Tarras, imported into this Kingdom.

1789. Besotted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon every Barrel, containing Three Bushels, of Tarras, exported from this Kingdom.

1790. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Tazels imported into this Kingdom.

1791. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every One thousand of Tazels exported from this Kingdom.

1792. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of Bridges Thread imported into this Kingdom.

1793. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of Bridges Thread exported from this Kingdom.

1794. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of Cross-bow Thread imported into this Kingdom.

170."J. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Thirteen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of Cross-bow Thread exported from this Kingdom.

1796. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of Outnal Thread imported into this Kingdom.

>797. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of Outnal Thread exported from this Kingdom.

> 798. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sisters Thread imported into this Kingdom.

1799. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Four Peuce Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Sisters Thread exported from this Kingdom.

1800. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of Whited Brown Thread imported into this Kingdom.

1801. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of Whited Brown Thread exported from this Kingdom.

1802. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Thrums of Linen or Fustian imported into this Kingdom.

1803. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Thrums of Linen or Fustian exported from this Kingdom.

1804. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Thrums of Woollen imported into this Kingdom.

1805. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Thrums of Woollen exported from this Kingdom.

i8ot>. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Tw'd Pounds Thirteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Tin imported into this Kingdom. , .

1807. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Tin Glass imporied into this Kingdom.

1808. Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Tin Glass exported from this Kingdom.

1809. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported into this Kingdom.

1810. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, exported from this Kingdom.

1811. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Grow th or Production of Ireland, imported into this Kingdom.

1812. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Production of Ireland, exported from this Kingdom.

1813. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One.Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Production of His Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of imported into this Kingdom.

1814. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Grow th or Production of His Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, in America, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, exported from this Kingdom.

1815. Resolved, That it is-the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tortoiseshell imported into this Kingdom.

1816. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Tortoiseshell exported from this Kingdom.

1817. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Tow imported into this Kingdom.

1818. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Tw o Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Tow of Muscovy or Russia, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1819. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Tow exported from this Kingdom.

1820. Resolved, That ft is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Shock, containing Sixty Trays, of Wood, imported into this Kingdom.

1821. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and

Eleven

27 Geo. III. 70 Martii.

493

Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Shock, containing Sixty Trays, of Wood exported from this Kingdom.

1S22. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Trustees imported into this Kingdom.

1823. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Trustees exported from this Kingdom.

1824. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Twine imported into this Kingdom.

1825. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Twine exported from this Kingdom.

1826. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Dozen Knots of Twist, for Band Strings, imported into this Kingdom.

1827. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed upon every Dozen Knots of Twist, for Band Strings, exported from this Kingdom.

1828. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Valo-nia imported into this Kingdom.

1829. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Skin of Vellum imported into this Kingdom.

1830. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Vermicelli imported into this Kingdom.

1831. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Vermicelli exported from this Kingdom.

1832. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Vinegar, imported into this Kingdom.

1833. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Vinegar, exported from this Kingdom.

1834. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Vi* nelloes imported into this Kingdom.

1835. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Vinel-loes exported from this Kingdom.

1836. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Wafers imported into this Kingdom.

1837. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Wafers exported from this Kingdom.

1838. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every Dozen Bottles or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding Three Pints, of Spa Water imported into this Kingdom.

1839. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight

Vol. 42.

Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Bottles, or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding Three Pints, of Spa Water exported from this Kingdom.

1840. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every Dozen Bottles, or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding Three Pints, of Pyrmont Water, and all other Mineral or Natural Water, imported into this Kingdom.

1841. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Dozen Bottles, or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding Three Pints, of Pyrmont Water, and all other Mineral or Natural Water, exported from this Kingdom.

1842. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bees Wax, White or Manufactured, imported into this Kingdom.

' 1843. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Bees Wax, White or Manufactured, exported from this Kingdom.

1844. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Bees Wax, unmanufactured, imported into this Kingdom.

1845. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Ten Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Bees Wax, unmanufactured, exported from this Kingdom.

1846. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Hard Wax imported into this Kingdom.

1847. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Hard Wax exported from this Kingdom.

1848. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Bay or Myrtle Wax imported into this Kingdom.

1849. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Bay or Myrtle Wax exported from this Kingdom.

1850. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Weld imported into this Kingdom.

1851. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Weld exported from this Kingdom.

1852. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ninety-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Whale Fins of Foreign Fishing imported into this Kingdom.

1853. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eighty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Whale Fins of Foreign Fishing exported from this Kingdom.

1854. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Whale Fins taken by Ships belonging to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations, and imported into this Kingdom in such Shipping.

1855. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

6 K mittee,

Report ott simplifying the Public Accounts.

Report on

simplifying the Public Accounts;

494

7® Martii.

A. 1787.

mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Ten Shil- Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two lings be allowed upon the Exportation of every Ton,' hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Wine, the Produce containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Whale Fins, of the European Dominions of the French King, having having been taken by Ships belonging to any of His been imported into any Port of Great , except

Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations, and imported into the Port of exported to any British Colony

this Kingdom in such Shipping.

1856. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Seven Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Whale Fins taken by Ships belonging to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

1867. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of

or Plantations, and imported into this Kingdom in W'ine, the Produce of the European Dominions of the Shipping belonging to Great Britain. French King, having been imported into any Port of

1857. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Great Britain, except the Port of London, exported to mittee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings be al- any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation lowed upon the Exportation of every Ton, contain- in America, or to any British Settlement in the East ing Twenty hundred Weight, of Whale Fins taken Indies.

by Ships belonging to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations, and imported into this Kingdom in Shipping belonging to Great Britain.

1858. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1868. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions of the every Pound Weight of Whip-cord imported into French King, imported into the Port of London, in this Kingdom. ' British-bu\\t Ships, and entered for Prisage.

1859. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 1869. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny mittee, That a Duty of Twenty-four Pounds Six Shil-be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Whip-cord lings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton,

exported from this Kingdom. containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of

1860. Resotced, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions of the mittee, That a Duty of Twenty-nine Pounds Eight French King, imported into the Port of London, in Fo-Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing reign Ships, and entered for Prisage.

Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Wine, the 1870. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Produce of the European Dominions of the French mittee, That a Drawback of Twenty-one Poupds Fle-King, imported into the Port of London in British- ven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every built Ships. Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons,

1861. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- of Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions of mittee, That a Duty of Thirty-three Pounds Twelve the French King, having been imported into the Port

Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into the Port of London in Foreign Ships.

of London, and entered for Prisage, exported to any' British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

1871. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seventeen Pounds Seven-

1862. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- teen Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every mittee, That a Drawback of Twenty-nine Pounds Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, Eight Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, con- of Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions ofi taining Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of the French King, having been imported into the Port W'ine, the Produce of the European Dominions of of , and entered for Prisage, exported to any

the French King, having been imported into the Port Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in of London, exported to any British Colony or Planta- America, or to any British Settlement in the East

tion in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

1863. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two

Indies.

1872. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eighteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty two Gallons, of Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions of tha Gallons, of Wine, the Produce of the European Domi- French King, imported into any Port of England, ex-nions of the French King, having been imported into cept the Port of London, in British-built Ships, and en-the Port of London, exported to any Place, except to tered for Prisage.

any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any 1873- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-British Settlement in the East Indies. mittee, That a Duty of Twenty-one Pounds Eleven

1864. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ton, mittee, That a Duty of Twenty-five Pounds Four containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions of die hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Wine, the Produce French King, imported into any Port of England, ex-of the European Dominions of the French King, im- cept the Port of London, in Foreign Ships, and entered ported into' any Port of Great Britain, except the Port for Prisage.

of London, in British-built Ships. 1874. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com*

1865. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eighteen Pounds Six-

mittee, That a Duty of Twenty-nine Pounds Eight teen Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, hundred and Fiity-two Gallons, of Wine, the Produce of Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions of of the European Dominions of the French King, im- the French King, having been imported into any Port ported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of England, except the Port of London, and entered for of London, in Foreign Ships. Prisage, exported to any British Colony or Plantation

1866. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- in America, or to any British Settlement in the East

mittee, That a Drawback of Twenty-five Pounds Four.

9 1875. Resolved,

T,

'Ll>

S’

iCty

Nist

M

ill

>rtof

aca

.ofr

Fen,

ci

i is

;h

Ca

U"-

0t5

-;,r\

:yi

to

Gifl

0 j3

On*

ft?

LiflK.

to

hi

O

:vi*

h

Dt*

A&

O

[i$

: i &

ci«

iff-

Ofe*®1

fos-

Sa*

even

ill#

P* $ ’

<27 Geo. III. 70 Martii.

495

1875. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Pounds and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Wine, the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, having been imported into any Port of England, except the Port of London, and entered for Prisage, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

1876. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Brass or Copper Wire, not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

1877. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Nine Shillings lie allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Brass or Copper Wire, not otherwise enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

1878. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Duty of Two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Iron Wire, not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

1879. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Iron Wire, not otherwise enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

1880. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Latten Wire imported into this Kingdom.

1881. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One, hundred Weight of Latten Wire exported from this Kingdom.

1882. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Steel Wire imported into this Kingdom.

1883. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Steel Wire exported from this Kingdom.

1884. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence be chained upon every One hundred Weight of Virginal Wire of Brass imported into this Kingdom.

1885. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pounds Tweive Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Virginal Wire of Brass exported from this Kingdom.

1886. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pounds Eight Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Virginal Wire of Iron imported into this Kingdom.

1887. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pounds Fourteen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Virginal Wire of Iron exported from this Kingdom.

1888. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Thirteen Shillings, be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Green Woad imported into this Kingdom.

1889. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Five Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Green Woad exported from this Kingdom.

1890. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Com-Von.4*.

the Public Account*.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Report on Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of s‘ml}Jlfr}P8 Thoulouse Woad imported into this Kingdom. '

1891. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of

ThoulousqWoad exported from this Kingdom.

1892. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Piece of Anchor Stocks imported into this Kingdom in BnVwA-built Ships.

1893. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Piece of Anchor Stocks imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

] 894. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every Piece of Anchor Stocks exported from this Kingdom.

1895. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in BnVwA-built Ships.

1896. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1897. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

1898. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound One S|iijlipg and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Sc6re, of Balks, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom, in British-built Ships.

1899. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Onq Pound One Shilling and Nine Peoce be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1900. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks, under Five Inches Square, ana under Twenty-four Feet in Length, exported from this Kingdom.

1901. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Found Six Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Battens, being Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in BnVisA-built Ships.

1902. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Seven Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Battens, being Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Twq Jnches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, imported |nto this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1QP3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

7° Martii. A. 1787.

lleport oa simplifying the Public Accounts.

Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Five Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hun-. dred, containing Six Score, of Battens, being Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, exported from this Kingdom.

1904. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Battens, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, or if exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in built

Ships.

1905. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Battens, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, or if exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1906. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Battens, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, or if exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, exported from this Kingdom.

1907. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in

built Ships.

1908. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1909. Resolved, That it is the opinionof this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, exported from this Kingdom.

1910. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in

built Ships.

1911. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1912. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch in Thickness, exported from this Kingdom.

1913. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet, of Beech Plank, Two Indies in Thickness, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in

built Ships.

1914. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet, of Beech Plank, Two Indies in Thickness, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1915. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet, of Beech Plank, Two Inches in Thickness, or upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

1916. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings be charged upon every One- hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Bn/w/t-built Ships.

1917. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1918. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

1919. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in BriffrA-built Ships.

1920. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1921. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in length, exported from this Kingdom.

1922. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in British-buHt Ships.

1923. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Seven Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1924. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Four Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon every One hundred,

containing

27 Geo. III. 7 0 Marti407

containing Six Score, of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, exported from this Kingdom.

1925. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and if Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Br/VwA-built Ships.

1926. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and if Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1927. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and if Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

1928. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Clap Boards, not exceeding Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into

.this Kingdom in Brilis/i-bnWt Ships.

1929. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Clap Boards, not exceeding Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1930. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Clap Boards, not exceeding Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, exported from this Kingdom.

1931. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Linn Boards, or White Boards, for Shoemakers, under Four Feet in Length, and under Six Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in British-b\i\\t Ships.

1932. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Linn Boards, or White Boards, for Shoemakers, under Four Feet in Length, and under Six Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1933* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Linn Boards, or White Boards, for Shoemakers, under Four Feet in Length, and under Six Inches in Thickness, exported from this Kingdom.

1934. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Linn Boards, or WThite Boards, for Shoemakers, Four Feet in Length, or Six Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in jBn/isA-built Ships.

1935. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Linn Boards, or White Boards, for Shoemakers, Four Feet in Length, or Six Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1936. Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Cona-

Vol. 42.

mittee, That a Drawback of Three Pounds Thirteen Report on Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Linn Boards, or Aecgnnftr White Boards, for Shoemakers, Four Feet in Length, or Six Inches in Thickness, exported from this Kingdom.

1937. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in built

Ships.

1938. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1939. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under Fifteen Feet in Length, exported from this Kingdom.

1940. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and if Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1941. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and if Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1942. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and if Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

1943. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pailing Boards, hewed on one Side, not exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in BnVwA-built Ships.

1944. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pailing Boards, hewed on one Side, not exceeding Seveu Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1945. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pailing Boards, hewed on one Side, not exceeding Seven Feet in Length, exported from this Kingdom.

1946. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pailing Boards, hewed on one Side, exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom ia British-built Ships.

1947. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pailing Boards, hewed on one Side, exceeding Seven Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

6 L 1948: Resolved,

Import on simplifying the Public Accounts.

498 7° MartA. 1787.

1948. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Failing Boards, hewed on one Side, exceeding Seven Feet in Length, exported from this Kingdom.

1949. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Pasteboards, or Millboards, imported into this Kingdom in built

Ships.

1950. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Pasteboards, or Millboards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1951. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Pasteboards, or Millboards, exported from this Kingdom.

1952. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score,

of Pipe Boards, above Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1953- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pipe Boards, above Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight 'Inches ^Square, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1954. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Nine Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pipe Boards, above Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, exported from this Kingdom.

195.5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pipe Boards, exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into this Kingdom in British-buWt Ships.

1956. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of‘Three Pounds and Three

Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Pipe Beards, exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1957. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Nineteen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six 'Score, of Pipe Boards, exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, exported from this Kingdom.

1958. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Scale Boards imported into this Kingdom in Bri/wA-built Ships.

1959. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Scale Boards Imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1960. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Scale Boards exported from this Kingdom.

1961. ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That-a Duty of Niue Pence be charged upon every Wainscot Board, containing Twelve Feet in Length, and One Inch in Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in built Ships.

1962. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Wainscot Board, containing Twelve Feet in Length, and One Inch in Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in 'Foreign Ships. '

1963. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Wainscot Board, containing Twelve Feet in Length, and One Inch in Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness, exported from this Kingdom.

1964. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings, be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Box Wood imported into this Kingdom in British-buWt Ships.

1965. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Box Wood imported into this Kingdom1 in Foreign Ships.

1906. Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this1 Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Nine' Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Box Wood exported from this 'Kingdom.

1967. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this: Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Nineteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing 'Six Score, of Deals above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom m British-bmMS hips.

1968. Resolved, That it is the Opinion t>f this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals above Seven 'Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1969. Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six1 Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing' Six' Score, of Deals above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, exported ' from this Kingdom.

1970. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pounds'Eighteen'Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

1971. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet ift Length, and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

1972. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Pounds Three Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals above 'Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty ' Feet' in Length, and exceeding. Four'Inches in Thickness, exported from this Kingdom.

1973. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

27 "Geo. III. 7" MortH.499

dings be charged upon every Onebundwd, containing Thiekhtts, istported into :tfris Kingdom in British- Repirt on .‘Six Score, of Deals above Seven Inches in Width, built Ships. _ T* P^bF'*

being Eight Feet in Length, and dot above Twenty 1983. Resolved, That it is the Opinion-of this Com- Accouas.C Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches.and raittee. That a Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings One Quarter of an Inch in Thickness, imported into and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundrql,

;this Kingdom inllnrtrA-built Ships. -containing Six Score, of Deal . Ends, above Seven

1974. Resohed, That it is the Opinion <of this Com- Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Longtji, cmittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fourteen Shil- and exceeding Three inches and One Quarter of an lings and Five Pence be cbcuged upon every One Inch in Thickness, imported into.this Kingdom in hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals above -Seven - Foreign Ships.

-Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and 1984. , That it is, the Opinion.of this Cam-

not above Twenty Feet-in Length, and not exceed- -mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Thirteen ing Three Inches and One Quarter of -an Inch in Shillings and Eight Penee-be charged upon every One Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in ’Foreign hundred, containing Six Score, of Deal Ends, above 1 Ships. -Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight. Feet in

1975. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Com- Length, and exceeding Three Inches and One Quar--mittee, That, a Drawback of Two Pounds Ten Shil- -ter of an Inch in Thickness, exported from this King-lings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One bun- dom.

dred, containing Six Score, of Deals above -Seven 1985- Resolved, That itis the Opinion, of this Com-

- Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and -mktee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three -.not above.Twenty Feet.in. Length, and not exceeding Pence be changed upon every One hundred Weight

Three Inches and One Quarter of an Inch in Thick- of Ebony, imported, into this Kingdom in tB/v/itybuilt -ness, exported from this Kingdom. -Ships.

1976. Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Com- 1986. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coai--. raittee, That a Duty ,of Five Pounds Six Shillings mittee, That a Duty of thirteen Shillings and Nine -be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight Score, of Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being of .'Ebony, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign

-Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty Feet in Ships.

Length, and exceeding Three Inches and One Quar- 1987. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-vter of an Inch in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom mittee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and -in.Bri/u/i-built Ships. Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred

1977. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Weight of Ebony, exported from this, Kingdom.

mittee. That-a Duty of Five Pounds Seven Shillings 1988. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

- and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred, mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Eight . containing Six Score, of Deals.above Seven Inches in Pence be charged upon every Fathom of Fire Wood,

Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Six Feet Wide and Six Feet High, imported into this Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches Kingdom in Britishiboiit Ships.

and One Quarter of an Inch in Thickness,: imported .1989. 'Resalved, Thatitis the Opinion of this Com--iototbis.Kingdom in Foreign Ships. -imittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nipe

1978. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be charged upon every Fathom of Fire WoofJ, mittee, That a Drawback of Five. Pounds One Shil- Six Feet wide and Six Feet high, imported into fois-

ling- be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Kingdom in Foreign-Ships.

Six Score, of Deals above Seven Inches -in Width, 1990. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six -Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches and One i Pence be allowed upon every Fathom of Fire Wood,

(Quarter of an Inch in Thickness, exported from < this Six Feet. wide..and Six Feet high, exported from this ^Kingdom. Kingdom.

1979. Resolved, Thatitis the Opinion of this Com- -1-991. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this.Com--jmittee, That a Duty of -Seventeen Shillings and Eight mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shit-

Pence be charged upon every One hundred, contain- lings be. charged upon -every One hundred, containing Six Score-, of Deal.Ends above Seven Inches in ing Six Score, of Fir Quarters, Five Inches square,

Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and-not and under :Eight Inches-square, or if Twenty-four . exceeding Three Inches and One Quarter of an Inch Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingpin Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in British- dom in J3rtt«A-built Ships.

-built Ships ’ 1992. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of, this Com-

1980. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- raittee, That a 1 Duty, of Two Pounds Fourteen Shil--mittee, That a Duty of'Eighteen Shillings and Two ling9 and? Five Pence be charged upon every One hun- Pence be charged upon every; One -hundred, contain- dred, containing Six Score, of Fir Quarters, Five ing Six Score, of Deal Ends above Seven Inches in Inches.square, and-under Eight; Inches square, or if Width, being under Eight Feet in 1 Length, - and not Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported

'exceeding Three Inches-and One Quarter of an Inch -'into this Kingdom in-Foreign Ships, in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign 1993. Resolved, That it is-the Opinion of this Corn-Ships. '-mittee, That 1 a.; Drawback of (Two 1 Pounds Ten Shil-

- tqSi. Resoked, That'it-is the Opinion of this; Com- lings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One.hun-

-tnittee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Shilliags and -.dred, containing -Six Score, of Fir Quarters, Five

Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, con-; Inches’ Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if 'taining Six Score, of Deal Ends above Seven Inches Twentyfour Feet. in Length, or upwards, exported in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length,- and not from this Kingdom.

-Exceeding Three Inches and One Quarter of an Inch 1994- Resolved, That:it.is the Opinion of this Com-in Thickness, exported from this Kingdom. -mittee, That-a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and

1982. Resolved, That it is the Qpinionof this Com- Three Pence be charged upon every . One hundred,

►mittee, That a Duty of One Pound»Fifteen Shilliags . containing..Six Score, of Fir Quarters, under Five and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred, . Inches - square, and ..under -Twenty-four Feet* in

-containing Six Score, of Deal Ends above Seven -Inches Length, imported into tins . Kingdom in

in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, and ex- -Ships.

seeding Three Inches, and One Quarter, of ans Incheon 1i995.il/2e10/se1/, That it is the Qpjnipnof this Com-Vol. 42k - mittee,

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

500 7° Martii. A. 1787.

mittee, That a Duty of One found One Shilling and lings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred, Six Score, of Knees of Oak, Five Inches square, and Containing Six Score, of Fir Quarters, under Five under Eight Inches square, imported into this Kingdom Inches square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, in British-bvaltShips.

imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships. 2010. , That it is the Opinion of this Com*

1996. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Fourteen Shillings mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound and Three and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred. Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, contain- containing Six Score, of Knees of Oak, Five Inches ing Six Score, of Fir Quarters, under Five Inches square, and under Eight Inches square, imported into square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, ex- this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

ported from this Kingdom. 2011. That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1997. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Ten Shil-

mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence lings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hun-be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic dred, containing Six Score, of Knees ot Oak, Five Feet, of Fir Timber, Eight Inches square, or upwards, Inches square, and under Eight Inches square, exported imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships. from this Kingdom.

199k. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2012. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Ten Pence mittee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Feet, of Fir Timber, Eight Inches square, or upwards, Cubic Feet, of Knees of Oak, Eight Inches square, or mported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships. upwards, imported into this Kingdom in built

1999. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Ships.

mittee, That a Drawback of Six Shilling? and Four 2013. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Pence be allowed upon every Load, containing Fifty mittee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Four Pence Cubic Feet, of Fir Timber, Eight Inches square, or be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic Upwards, exported from this Kingdom. Feet, of Knees of Oak, Eight Inches square, or up-

2000. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- wards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships,

mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence 2014. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe charged upon every One hundred, containing Six mittee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Two Score, of Hand Spikes, under Seven Feet in Length, Pence be allowed upon every Load, containing Fifty imported into this Kingdom in Britii/i-built Ships. Cubic Feet, of Knees of Oak, Eight Inches square, or

2001. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eleven Pence 2015. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe charged upon every One hundred, containing Six mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Score, of Hand Spikes, under Seven Feet in Length, Pence be charged upon every Fathom, Six Feet a ide, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships. and Six Feet high, of Lath Wood, in Pieces under Five

2002. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in -,. mittee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Two built Ships.

Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, contain- 2016. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coming Six Score, of Hand Spikes, under Seven Feet in mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine ' Length, exported from this Kingdom. Pence be charged upon every Fathom, Six Feet wide,

2003. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- and Six Feet high, of Lath Wood, in Pieces under Five mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Four Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Fo-Pence be charged upon every One hundred, contain- reign Ships.

ing Six Score, of Hand Spikes, Seven Feet in Length, 2017. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in British-built mittee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Ships. Three Pence be allowed upon every Fathom, Six Feet

2004. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- wide, and Six Feet high, of Lath Wood, in Pieces mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Seven under Five Feet in Length, exported from this King-Pence be charged upon every One hundred, contain- dom.

ing Six Score, of Hand Spikes, Seven Feet in Length, 2018. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign mittee, That a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Ten Ships. Pence be charged upon every Fathom, Six Feet wide,

2005. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- and Six Feet high, of Lath Wood, in Pieces Five

mittee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this King-Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, dom in -built Ships.

Containing Six Score, of Hand Spikes, Seven Feet in 2019. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Length, or upwards, exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Pound and Four Pence

2006. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Fathom, Six Feet wide, and mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Six Feet high, of Lath Wood, in Pieces Five Feet in Pence be charged upon every One hundred, contain- Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in bg Six Score, of Knees of Oak, under Five Inches Foreign Ships.

square, imported into this Kingdom in British-bu&t 2020. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Ships. < mittee, That a Drawback of Eighteen Shillings and

2007. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Four Pence be allowed upon every Fathom, Six Feet mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence wide, and Six Feet high, of Lath Wood, in Pieces be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Five Feet in Length, or upwards, exported from this Score, of Knees of Oak, under Five Inches square. Kingdom.

imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships. 2021. That it is the Opinion of this Cora-

2008. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny mittee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and One Half-penny be charged upon every Mast, Six Inches Penny be allowed upon every One hundred, containing in Diameter, and under Eight Inches, imported into Six Score, of Knees of Oak, under Five Inches square, this Kingdom in British-bu\\t Ships.

exported from this Kingdom. 2022. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2009. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence spittee, That a Duty of One Pound Thirteen Shil- be charged upon every Mast, Six Inches in Diameter, and

under

a7 Geo. III. 70 Martii 501,

under Eight Inches, imported into this Kingdom in 2037. , That it is the Opinion of this Com- Report oti

Foreign Ships. > mittee. That a Duty of Two Pounds One Shilling simplifying

2023. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- and Three Pence be charged upon every One hun- ’*ePoWic

mittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed dred, containing Six Score, of Oats imported into this CCOttntol upon every Mast, Six Inches in Diameter, and under Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

Eight Inches, exported from this Kingdom. 2038. Resolved, That it is thfe Opinion of this Com-

2024* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Drawback of One Pound Sixteen Shil-mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four lings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One Pence be charged upon every Mast, Eight Inches in hundred, containing Six Score, of Oars exported from Diameter, and under Twelve Inches, imported into this this Kingdom.

Kingdom in British-built Ships. 2039. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2025. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Three Pounds Six Shillings be

mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred be charged upon every Mast, Eight Inches in Dia- Weight, of Olive Wood imported into this Kingdom meter, and under Twelve Inches, imported into this in built Ships.

Kingdom in Foreign Ships. 2040. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2026. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Eight Shillings mittee. That a Drawback of Three Shillings and One and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton, con-Penny be allowed upon every Mast, Eight Inches in taining Twenty hundred Weight, of Olive Wood im-Diameter, and under Twelve Inches, exported from ported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

this Kingdom. 2041. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-'

2027. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pounds One ShU-mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence ling be allowed upon every Ton, containing Twenty be charged upon every Mast, Twelve Inches in Dia- hundred Weight, of Olive Wood exported from this meter, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Kingdom.

British-built Ships. 2042. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2028. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillitigs and Niue Pence mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eleven be charged upon every One hundred Feet of Planks, 1 Pence be charged upon every Mast, Twelve Inches of Ireland, imported into this Kingdom.

in Diameter, or upwards, imported into this King- 2043. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- dom in Foreign Ships. mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Six

2029. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Feet of mittee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Two Planks, of Ireland, exported from this Kingdom.

Pence be allowed upon every Mast, Twelve Inches 2044. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- in Diameter, or upwards, exported from this King- mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three

dom. Pence be charged upon every One hundred, con-

2030. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- taining Six Score, of Round Wood, under Eight mittee. That a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Ten Inches Square, and under Six Feet in Length, irn-Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty ported into this Kingdom in British-bmk Ships.

Cubic Feet, of Oak Plank, Two Inches in Thickness, 2045. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-' or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in British- mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine built Ships. Pence be charged upon every One hundred, contain-.

2031. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coming Six Score, of Round Wood, under Eight Inches mittee, That a Duty of One Pound and Eight Pence Square, and under Six Feet in length, imported into be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

Feet, of Oak Plank, Two Inches in Thickness, or 2046. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign mittee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and

Ships. Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred,

2032. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- containing Six Score, of Round Wood, under Eight mittee, That a Drawback of Eighteen Shillings and Inches Square, and under Six Feet in Length, exported Four Pence be allowed upon every Load, contain- from this Kingdom.

ing Fifty Cubic Feet, of Oak Plank, Two Inches 2047. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corii-in Thickness, or upwards, exported from this King- mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and dom. Six fcence be charged upon every One hundred, con-

2033. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- taining Six Score, of Round Wood, under Eight mittee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven Inches Square, or if Six Feet in Length, or upwards,

Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty imported into this Kingdom in RnVwA-built Ships.

Cubic Feet, of Oak Timber, Eight Inches Square, or 2048. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Bri/wA-built mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Seven Shillings Ships. be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six

2034. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Score, of Round Wood, under Eight Inches Square, mittee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Four and if Six Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

Cubic Feet, of Oak Timber, Eight Inches Square, or 2049. That it is the Opinion of this Com-

upwards, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign mittee, That a Drawback of One Pound Four Shil-Ships. lings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One

2035. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- hundred, containing Six Score, of Round Wood, under mittee. That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Two Eight Inches Square, and if Six Feet in Length, or Pence be allowed upon every Load, containing Fifty upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

Cubic Feet, of Oak Timber, Eight Inches Square, or 2050. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upwards, exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence

2036. Resolved, That it is the Ophiion of this Com- be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six

mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Nineteen Shillings Score, of Spars, under Twenty-two Feet in Length, and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hun- and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the dred, containing Six Score, of Oars imported into this Bark, imported into this Kingdom in 2by/*yA-built Kingdom in Bri/iM-built Ships. Ships.

Vol. 42. M 20si. Resolved,

Report on simplifying the Pobiic Aceeunte.

50a 7° Martii. A, 1787.

8Q51. lUstked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Spars, under Twenty-two Feet in Length, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Skips.

2052. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Spars, under Twenty-two Feet in Length, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, exported from this Kingdom.

2053. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Spars, Twenty-two Feet in Length, or upwards, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into tills Kingdom in Ships.

2054. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Spars, Twenty-two Feet in Length, or upwards, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships. *

2055. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Spars, Twenty-two Feet in Length, or upwards, and under Four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, exported from this Kingdom.

2056. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Four Shillings and Three Pence he charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Spars, Four Inches in Diameter, and under Six Inches, exclusive of the Bark, imported into this Kingdom in British-buWt Ships.

2057. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Five Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Spars, Four Inches in Diameter, and under Six Inches, exclusive of the Bark, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2058. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Two Shillings and Five Penee be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Spars, Four Inches in Diameter, and under Six Inches, exclusive of the Bark, exported from this Kingdom.

2059. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One thousand, containing Twelve hundred, of Spokes ior Wheels, not exceeding Two Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in ifrifisA-built Ships.

2060. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty -oi One Pound and Eight Peace he charged upon every One thousand, containing Twelve Iwndred, of Spokes for Wheels, not exceeding Two Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Fqreign Ships.

2061. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence he allowed upon every One thousand, containing Twelve hundred, of Spokes for Wheels, not exceeding Two Feet in Length, exported from this Kingdom.

2062. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One thousand, containing Twelve hundred, erf Spokes for Wheels, exceeding Two Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

.2063. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds One Shilling

and Three Pence be charged upon every One shou-sand, containing Twelve hundred, of Spokes for Wheels, exceeding Two Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2064. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Sixteen.Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One thousand, containing Twelve hundred, of Spokes for Wheels, exceeding Two Feet in Length, exported from this Kingdom.

2065. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings he charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Britkh-buWt Ships.

2066. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches uy Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2067. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

2068. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

2069. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2070. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Three Pence he allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in -Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom-

2071. Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings he charged upo* every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves^ above Fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Sixty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in British* built Ships.

2072. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Sixty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half ia Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2073. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Eight Penee be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Sixty Inches in Length,

x _ not

27 Geo. III.

7° Martii.

503

not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

2074. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six laches and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in -

built Ships.

2075. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifteen Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2076. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

2077. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Seventy-two Indies in Length, not above Three Inches m Thickness, and not exceeding Six Indies and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in British-\m\t Ships.

2078. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2079. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Staves, above Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, exported from this Kingdom.

2080. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Staves above Three Inches in Thickness, or above Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, and not exceeding Five Feet Three Indies in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and pay Duty accordingly-

2081. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Staves above Three Inches in Thickness, or above Six Inches and an Half in Breadth, and exceeding Five Feet Three Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

2082. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings he charged upon every Ton, or Load, of Timber of Ireland, imported into this Kingdom.

2083. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Ton, or Load, of Timber of Ireland, exported from this Kingdom.

2084. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet, of Timber of all Sorts, not otherwise particularly enumerated and described, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom iu Mritiih-built Ships.

2085. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-V o x.. 42.

mittee, That a Duty of Six ’Shillings tad Ten Pence Report oa be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic simplifying Feet, of Timber of all Sorts, not otherwise particularly the l>ublic enumerated and described, being Eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in' Foreign Ships.

2086. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet, of Timber of all Sorts, not otherwise particularly enumerated and described, being Eight luches Square, or upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

2087. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon every Gross, containing Twelve Dozen, of Trenchers of Wood, imported into this Kingdom.

2088. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every Gross, containing Twelve Dozen, of Trenchers of Wood, exported from this Kingdom.

2089. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a'Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence he charged upon every One thousand, containing Twelve hundred, of Treenails, or Trunnels, imported into this Kingdom.

2090. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed upon every One thousand, containing Twelve hundred, of Treenails, or Trunnels, exported from this Kingdom.

2091. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this' Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Tubs of Wood imported into this Kingdom.

2092. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a- Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Dozen of Tubs of Wood, exported from this Kingdom.

2093. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Users under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom in Bri/isA-built Ships.

2094. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Users under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into ttsis Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2095. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound and Three Peace be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Users under Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, exported from this Kingdom.

2096. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Users Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom in buift

Ships.

2097. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Users Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards* imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2098. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Users Five Inches

Square,

HepoTt on simplifying the Public Accounts*

504

Martii.

A. 1787,

Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty- be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sweet four Feet in Length, or upwards, exported from this Wood imported into this Kingdom.

Kingdom. _ 2115. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2099. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Ten mittee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Sweet Wood exported from this Kingdom.

Cubic Feet, of Wainscot Logs, Eight Inches Square, 2116. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corner upwards, imported into this Kingdom in British-built mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence Ships. be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Wood

2100. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated, imported into mittee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Four Pence this Kingdom.

be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic 2117. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Feet, of W ainscot Logs, Eight Inches Square, or mittee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence upwards, imported into tins Kingdom in Foreign be charged upon every Pound Weight of Bever Wool Ships. cut and combed (except combed in , and imported

2101. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- from thence in Ships) imported into this

mittee, That a Drawback of Nine Shilling? and Two Kingdom.

Pence be allowed upon every Load, containing Fifty 2118. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Cubic Feet, of Wainscot Logs, Eight Inches Square, or- mittee, That a Duty of One Penny Three Farthings upwards, exported from this Kingdom. be charged upon every Pound Weight of Coney Wool

2102. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Ten Pence 2119. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Combe charged upon every One hundred Weight of Brazil mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon or Fernambuck Wood, for Dyers Use, imported into every Pound Weight of Cotton Wool, not of the British

this Kingdom. Plantations, imported into this Kingdom.

2103. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cora- 2120. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coin

mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Seven ~

Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, for Dyers Use, imported ioto this Kingdom.

2104. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon

mittee, That a Drawback of Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cotton Wool, not of the British Plantations, exported from this Kingdom.

2121. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Nine

every One hundred Weight of Fustick, for Dyers Use, Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of

imported into this Kingdom.

2105. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Lignum Vitae imported into this Kingdom

Estridge Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.

2122. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of

2106. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Estridge Wool, having been imported into this Kingdom mittee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed in Foreign Ships.

upon every One hundred Weight of lignum Vitae ex- 2123. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon

2107. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Pound Weight of Hares Wool imported into kthis mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Pounds be charged Kingdom.

upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, 2124. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thisCom-of Logwood for Dyers Use, imported into this King- mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon dom. every Pound Weight of Sheeps Wool imported into

2108. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings - 2125. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hun- mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Six Pence dred Weight, of Mahogany imported into this King- be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cable dom. Yam imported into this Kingdom.

2109. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2126. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds be allowed mittee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, every Pound Weight of Camel or Mohair Yam imported of Mahogany exported from this Kingdom. into this Kingdom.

2110. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2127. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every. One hundred Weight of Nicorago Wood, for Dyers Use, imported into this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Camel or Mohair Yarn exported from this Kingdom.

2128. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cotn-

2U1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny be mittee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Six Shillings charged upon every Pound Weight of Cotton Yarn im-be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred ported into this Kingdom.

Weight, of Red or Guinea Wood, imported into this ------- " — L-J:

Kingdom.

2112. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Speckled Wood imported into this Kingdom.

2129. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Cotton Yarn exported from this Kingdom.

2130. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon

2113. Resolved, That it is*" the Opinion of this Com- every Pound Weight of Grogram Yarn imported into mittee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings and Oue this Kingdom.

Penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of 2131. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Speckled Wood exported from this Kingdom. mittee. That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed

2114. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- upon every Pound Weight of Grogram Yam exported mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence from this Kingdom.

2132. Resolved,

27 Geo. III. 70 Marm. . 505

2132. Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Com- the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East Report ott

mittee. That a Duty of One Penny Farthing be India Company, imported into this Kingdom. simplifying

charged upon every Pound Weight of Raw Linen 2146. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Yam imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Twenty-nine Pounds Six-

2133- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- teen Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds* mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Twelve Shil- of the true and real Value of all such Cowries and Ar-lings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One rangocs, according to the Gross Price at which the hundred Weight of Wick Yam imported into this same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the Kingdom. East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2134. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2147. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eight Shil- mittee, That a Duty of Forty Pounds be charged lings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real of Wick Yarn exported from this Kingdom. Value of all manufactured Drugs, not otherwise enu-

2135. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- merated, according to the Gross Price at which the

mittee, That a Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Eight same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight India Company, imported into this Kingdom, of Woollen or Bay Yarn imported into this King- 2148. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-dom. mittee, That a Drawback of Thirty-eight Pounds Six

2136. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Shillings and Three Pence be allowed for every mittee. That a Drawback of Thirteen Shillinss be One hundred Pounds of the true and.real Value of.all

allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Woollen or Bay Yarn exported from this Kingdom.

2137. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Worsted Yam of Two or more Threads, twisted or thrown, imported into this Kingdom.

2138. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every' Pound Weight of Worsted Yarn of Two or more Threads, twisted or thrown, exported from this Kingdom.

2139. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings be charged upon every Pack, containing Four hundred Weight, at Six Score Pounds to the hundred Weight, of Irish Yam imported into this Kingdom.

2140. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Pack, containing Four hundred Weight, at Six Score Pounds to the hundred Weight, of Irish Yam exported from this Kingdom.

2141. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings be charged for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all China Ware, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, imported into this Kingdom.

2142. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Forty-five Pounds Five Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all such China Ware, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2143. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifty Pounds be charged for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, imported into this Kingdom.

2144. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Forty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all such Cotton Manufactures, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2145. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence be charged for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cowries and Arrangoes, according to the Gross Price at which

V o u42»

such manufactured Drugs, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2149. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty-one Pounds be charged for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all unmanufactured Drugs, not otherwise ' enumerated, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, imported into this Kingdom. ' 1

2150. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all such unmanufactured Drugs, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2151. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Forty-niue Pounds Ten Shillings be charged for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Japanned or Lacquered Wares, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, imported into this Kingdom.

2152. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Forty-seven Pounds be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all such Japanned or Lacquered Wares, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2153. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eighteen Pounds be charged for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain Muslins, Nanquin Cloths, Muslins, or White Callicoes, flowered or stitched, according to the Gross Prices at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, imported into this Kingdom.

2154. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pounds be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain Muslins, Nanquin Cloths, Muslins, or white Callicoes, flowered or stitched, according to the Gross Prices at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2155. Resolved, That it is the Opinion.of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds be charged for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Tea, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, imported into this Kingdom.

2156. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

6 N mittee,

s

7* Martiu A. 1787,

Keport on simplifying the Public Accounts.

mittee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds be allowed for every such One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all such Tea, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, if exported to Ireland, or to any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

2157. llesotced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all manufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not particularly charged, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, imported into this Kingdom.

2158. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Thirty-six Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all such manufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not particularly charged, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2159* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-eight Pounds Five ' Shillings be charged for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all unmanufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not particularly charged, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, imported into this Kingdom.

21 Co. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-six Pounds Five Shillings be allowed for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all unmanufactured ‘Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not particularly charged, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom.

2161. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pounds Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into this Kingdom, for Exportation only, being prohibited to be worn or used therein, according to the Gross Price at which tire same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company.

2162. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Alleijars exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2163. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upoa every Piece of Bejutapants exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2164. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Piece of llyrampants exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Islands.

2t(>5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings be allowed upon every Piece of Blue Long Cloth exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

216G. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Brawles exported from this

9

Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

21G7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Callaway Pores exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or tern Islands.

2168. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Cushtaes exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2169. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Coopes exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2170. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Chintz exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands eff Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2171. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Chelloes exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of

deira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2172. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Cotton Roinals exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2173. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Guinea Studs exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2174. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this, Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Small Nicamees exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of

deira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2175. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Large Nicamees exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2176. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed upon every Piece of Niganepants exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2177. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Pence be allowed upon every Piece of Photaes exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2178. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Draw-back of One Shilling be allowed upon every Piece of Sastra Cundies exported from this Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands.

2179. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

1

a

s

t

nr

a-

b

It

a

- v*ij

'i

i-i

..M

c 'ji

: Jfc 1.1

tC»

! ra

t'Jfr

:istr>

so

Iknei

from

Mi

fan

Or.

u

i a

jfr fa

lojeJ

tii>

Hern

lorn-

) til*

)k

fa

Coo-

27 Geo. III. 70 Martii.

507

puttee, That a Drawback of Nine fence be allowed Lawn, being of the Manufacture of the European Report oa

upon every Piece of Tapseils exported from this Dominions of the French King, in Pieces exceeding simplifying

Kingdom to Africa, except to the Islands of Ma- One Yard and One Quarter in Breadth, and being the PubliC

deira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western above the Value of Fifty Shillings, exported from AccounU*

Islands. this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in

2180. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- America.

mittee, That a Duty of Thirty Pounds, for every One 2189. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged mittee, That a Duty of Ten Pounds for every One upon all Beer, the Produce or Manufacture of the hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged European Dominions of the French King, imported into upon all Lawn, being of the Manufacture of the this Kingdom. European Dominions of the French King, imported

2181. Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Com- into this Kingdom in Pieces exceeding One Yard and mittee, That a Duty of Ten Pounds, for every One One Quarter of a Yard in Breadth, and being above hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged the Value of Fifty Shillings.

upon all Cabinet Work and Turnery, and upon all 2190. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Instruments of Music, being of the Manufacture of mittee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds Thirteen the European Dominions of the French King, imported Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One into this Kingdom. hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all

2182. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pouds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately, or mixed, or worked, or mounted, with other Substances, such Articles being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, and not exceeding in their Value Fifty Shillings by the hundred Weight, imported into this Kingdom.

2183. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pounds, for every' One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately, or mixed, or worked, or mounted, with other Substances, and exceeding in their Value Fifty Shillings by the hundred Weight, and upon all Buttons, Buckles, Knives, or Scissars, and upon all other Articles of Hardware or Cutlery; and upon all Articles composed of Copper and Brass, separately, or mixed, or worked, or mounted, with other Substances, such Articles being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

2184. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Sorts of Cottons and Woollens, whether knit or woven, including Hosiery, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

2185. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Demi Piece of Cambrick, not exceeding Seven Yards and Three Quarters of a Yard in Length, and not exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King.

2186. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Demi Piece of Cam-brick, not exceeding Seven Y ards and Three Quarters of a Yard in Length, and not exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard in Breadth, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, exported from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America,

2187. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged

rail Cambricks, being of the Manufacture of the j peon Dominions of the French King, imported into

Ibis Kingdom in Pieces exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yowl English Measure in Breadth, and being above the Value of Fifty Shillings.

2188. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Vol. 42.

Lawn, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, in Pieces exceeding Seven Eights of a Yard English Measure in Breadth, and being above the Value of Fifty Shillings, exported from this Kingdom to any British Coktny or Plantation in America.

2191. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifteen Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Sadlery, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

2192. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon Qauzes of all Sorts, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

2193. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Millinery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Cambrick, or Gauze of any Kind, or of any other Article specified in the Sixth Article of the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Britannick Majesty and the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles the 26th of September 1786, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom; and that if any Articles not so specified, and which may be legally imported into this Kingdom, shall be used in such Millinery, such Articles shall be charged with Duty as if separately imported into this Kingdom.

2194. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Porcelain, Earthen Ware, and Pottery, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

2195. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Plate Glass and Glass Ware of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported into this Kingdom.

2196. Resolved J, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Forty-four Pounds be charged upon every One- hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Manufactures of Cotton, not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

2197. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Forly-one Pounds Ten Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all such Manufactures of Cotton, exported from this Kingdom.

2198. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Forty-one Pounds Sixteen

Shillings

Heport on

simplifying the Public Aero tints.

508 70 Martii. A. 1787,

Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Pounds mittee, That a Drawback of Seventy-seven Pounds of the true and real Value of all Earthen Ware, not Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom. every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value

2199. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- of all such Linen, checquered, or striped, or printed,*

mittee, That a Drawback of Thirty-six Pounds Eleven painted, stained, or dyed, after the Manufacture, or Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Pounds in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, not of the true and real Value of all such Earthen Ware, prohibited to be imported, worn, or used, in Great exported from this Kingdom. Britain, exported from this Kingdom.

2200. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2212. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixty Pounds be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Forty-five Pounds be charged every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real of all Plate Glass, and all other Glass Ware, imported Value of all Sails imported into this Kingdom.

into this Kingdom. v 2213. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2201. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings

mittee, That a Drawback of Forty-three Pounds be be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the allowed upon every One hundred Pounds of the true true and real Value of all Ships, with their Tackle,

and real Value of all Plate Gluss, and all other Glass Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails) imported into

Ware, exported from this Kingdom. this Kingdom.

2202. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2214. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventy-seven Pounds be charged mittee, That a Duty of Thirty-three Pounds be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real

Value of all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Value of all Toys imported into this Kingdom.

Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, not otherwise enume- 2215. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-rated, imported into this Kingdom. mittee, That a Drawback of Twenty-nine Pounds

2203. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon mittee. That a Drawback of Twenty-five Pounds be every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value allowed upon every One hundred Pounds of the true of all Toys exported from this Kingdom.

and real Value of all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces 2216. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-of Hides, and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, exported mittee, That a Duty of Thirty-three Pounds be charged from this Kingdom. upon every One hundred Pounds of ,the true and

2204. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- real Value of all unmanufactured Wood, not otherwise mittee, That a Duty of Seventy-seven Pounds be enumerated, imported into this Kingdom from any charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true Part of Europe.

and real Value of all Manufactures of Leather, or any 2217. Resolved, That it is lire Opinion of this Com-'Manufactures whereof Leather is the most valuable mittee, That a Drawback of Thirty Pounds Ten Part, imported into this Kingdom. Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every

2205. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all mittee, That a Drawback of Twenty-five Pounds be such unmanufactured Wood, having been imported into allowed upon every One hundred Pounds of the true this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

and real Value of all Manufactures of Leather, or any 2218. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Manufactures whereof Leather is the most valuable mittee, That a Duty of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings Part, exported from this Kingdom. be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the

2206. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- true and real Value of all Goods and Merchandize, mittee, That a Duty of Thirty-three Pounds Six not otherwise enumerated, prohibited to be used in this Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Kingdom, but allowed by Law to be brought in and One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of secured in Warehouses for Exportation, imported into all plain Linen, not otherwise enumerated, imported this Kingdom.

into this Kingdom. 2219. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2207. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings be

mittee, That a Drawback of Thirty Pounds Sixteen charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every One and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all such not otherwise enumerated, not prohibited to be used plain Linen exported from this Kingdom. in this Kingdom, and allowed by Law, to be imported

2208. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- and secured in Warehouses for Exportation, imported mittee, That a Duty of Fifty-five Pounds be charged into this Kingdom.

upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real 2220. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Value of all Paper, not otherwise enumerated, imported mittee, That a Duty of Twenty-seven Pounds Ten into this Kingdom. Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Pounds

2209. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- of the true and real Value of all other Goods, Wares,

mittee, That a Duty of Seventy-five Pounds be charged and Merchandize, not otherwise particularly enumerated

upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real or described, not prohibited to be imported or used Value of all Painted Paper or Paper Hangings for in this Kingdom, not being imported by the East India Rooms, imported into this Kingdom. Company, and not being exempt from Duty, imported

2210. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- into this Kingdom.

mitice, That a Duty of Eighty Pounds Four Shil- 2221. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coin-lings and Two Pence be charged upon every One mittee, That a Drawback of Twenty-five Pounds be hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all allowed upon every One hundred Pounds of the true Linen, checquered, or striped, or printed, painted, and real Value of all other Goods, Wares, and Mer-stained, or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the chandize, not otherwise particularly enumerated or Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, not prohi- described, not prohibited to be imported or used in bited to be imported, worn, or used in Great Britain, this Kingdom, not being imported by the East India and not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Company, and not being exempt from Duty, exported Kingdom. from this Kingdom.

2211. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2222. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee)

4

27 Geo. III. 7 0 Martii.509

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged 2240. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coin- lUporto* upon every Pound Weight of Foreign Agarick, trimmed mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon *mP%ing

or pared, exported from this Kingdom. every One hundred Weight of Foreign Isinglass ex- ^'counts'

2223. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- ported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon 2241. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Wreight of Foreign Agarick, rough or mittee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon

untrimmed, exported from this Kingdom. every One hundred Weight of Foreign Litmus ex-

2224. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- ported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon 2242. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight of Foreign Annotto exported from mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence this Kingdom. be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Fo-

2225. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* reign Logwood exported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon 2243. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every- One hundred Weight of Foreign Antimonium mittee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon Crudum exported from this Kingdom- every One hundred Weight of Foreign Madder ex-

2226. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- ported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon 2244. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Gallon of Foreign Aqua Fords exported from mittee, That a Duty of One Farthing be charged this Kingdom. upon every Pound Weight of Foreign Madder Roots

2227. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- exported from this Kingdom.

mittee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon 2245* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every One hundred Weight of Foreign Argoil exported mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence from this Kingdom. be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hun-

2228. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- dred Weight, of Foreign Nicorago Wood exported mittee, That a Duty of One Farthing be charged upon from this Kingdom.

every Pound Weight of Foreign Arsenick exported 2246. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coro-from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence

2229. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Fo-mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon reign Orchal exported from this Kingdom.

every One hundred Weight of Foreign Bay-berries, 2247. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon

2230. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every One hundred Weight of Foreign Orchelia ex-mittee. That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon ported from this Kingdom.

every One hundred Weight of Foreign Brazil, or Fer- 2248. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-nambuck Wood, exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon

2231. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every One hundred Weight of Foreign Pomegranate mittee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon Peels exported from this Kingdom.

every One hundred Weight of Foreign Brazilletto, or 2249. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Jamaica Wood, exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon

2232. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every One hundred Weight of Foreign Red or Guinea mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Wood exported from this Kingdom.

Pence be charged upon every Piece, containing Thir- 2250. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-teen Ells, of Foreign Cambricks, or French Lawns, mittee. That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon having been secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, every Pound Weight of Foreign Safflore exported from exported to any British Colony or Plantation in Ante- this Kingdom.

rica. 2251. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2233. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Farthing be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Foreign Sal Armoniac ex-every Pound Weight of Foreign Cochineal exported ported from this Kingdom.

from this Kingdom. 2252. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2234. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Farthing be charged mittee, That a* Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence upon every Pound Weight of Foreign Sal Gem ex-be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Fo- ported from this Kingdom.

reign Cream of Tartar exported from this Kingdom. 2253. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2235. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon mittee. That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Foreign Sapan Wood every One hundred Weight of Foreign Fustick ex- exported from this Kingdom.

ported from this Kingdom. 2254 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2236. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence every One hundred Weight of Foreign Saunders Red be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Fo- exported from this Kingdom.

reign Galls exported from this Kingdom. 2255- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2237. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon mittee, That a Duty of One Pound Thirteen Shillings every One hundred Weight of Foreign Shumack ex-and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred ported from this Kingdom.

Weight of Foreign Gum Arabic exported from this 2256. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Farthing be charged upon

2238. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Pound Weight of Foreign Sticklack exported -mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Ten Pence from this Kingdom.

be charged upon every. One hundred Weight of Fo- 2257. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-reign Gum Senega exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of One Farthing be charged upon

2239. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- every Pound Weight of Foreign Turnsall exported from mittee. That a Duty of One Penny Farthing be this Kingdom.

-charged upon every Pound Weight of Foreign Indico 2258. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-exported from this Kingdom. mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eleven

Vol. 49. 6 0 Pence

Report oh simplifying the Public Accounts.

t

to I7° Martii. A. 1787.

Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Foreign Valonia exported from this Kingdom.

22,59. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Foreign Verdigrease exported from this Kingdom.

2260. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of British Alum exported from this Kingdom.

2261. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every Dozen of British New Wool Cards exported from this Kingdom.

2 262. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Dozen of British Old Wool Cards exported from this Kingdom.

2263. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of White Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported from this Kingdom.

2264. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Chalder of Coals, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, exported from this Kingdom to Ireland, or The Isle of Man.

2265. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Chalder of Coals, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, exported from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2266. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every Chalder of Coals, Newcastle Measure, exported from this Kingdom to any

-Place, except to Ireland, The Isle or to any

British Colony or Plantation in America, in British-built Ships.

2267. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Seven Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Chalder of Coals, Newcastle Measure, exported from this Kingdom to any Place, except to Ireland, The Isle of Man, or to any British Colony or Plantation in America, in Foreign Ships.

2268. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings be charged upon the Exportation of every Chalder of Coals, Newcastle Measure, allowed by Law to be exported under certain Limitations and Restrictions, from the Ports of Newcastle and Swansea, to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney.

2269. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton of Coals, containing Twenty hundred Weight, exported from this Kingdom to Ireland, or The Isle of Man.

2270. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Ton of Coals, containing Twenty hundred Weight, exported from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2271. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Ton of Coals, containing Twenty hundred Weight, exported from this Kingdom to any Place, except to Ireland, The Isle of Man, or to any British Colony or Plantation in America, in J5nV«//-built Ships.

2272. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Two

Pence be charged upon every Ton of Coals, Containing Twenty hundred Weight, exported from this Kingdom to any Place, except to Ireland, The Isle of Man, or to any British Colony or Plantation in in

Foreign Ships.

2273. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Chalder of Culm, Newcastle Measure, exported from this Kingdom to Lisbon, in British-bu\\t Ships;

2274. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Chalder of Culm, Newcastle Measure, exported from this Kingdom to Lisbon, in Foreign Ships.

2275. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of British Glue exported from this Kingdom.

2276. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Harts Hair exported from this Kingdom.

2277. Resolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Horse Hair exported from this Kingdom.

2278. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Ox or Cow Hair exported from this Kingdom.

3279. Resolved, That it is the < )pinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exported from this Kingdom.

2280. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence be charged upon every Fodder, or Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Lead, cast or uncast, exported from this Kingdom.

2281. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Leather of all Sorts, tanned, tawed, or dressed, exported from this Kingdom.

2282. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Litharge of Lead exported from this Kingdom.

2283. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Piece of Badger Skins, exported from this Kingdom.

2284. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Skin, or Piece of Skin, of Beaver, exported from this Kingdom.

2285. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Beaver Wool, or Wombs, exported from this Kingdom.

2286. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Calf Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, exported from this Kingdom.

2287. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred of Cat Skins exported from this Kingdom.

2288. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Coney Skins, dressed or tawed, exported from this Kingdom.

2289. Resolved,

27 Geo. III. 70 Martii. 511

2289. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Black Coney Skins, with or without Silver Hairs, dressed or tawed, exported from this Kingdom.

2290. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Dozen of Dog Skins exported from this Kingdom.

2291. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Piece of Haw Elk Skins exported from this Kingdom.

2292. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged upon every Timber, containing Forty Fitches Skins, exported from this Kingdom.

2293. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Piece of Fox Skins exported from this Kingdom.

2294. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred of Kid Skins, in the Hair, exported from this Kingdom.

2295. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred of Kid Skins, dressed, exported from this Kingdom.

2296. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Farthings be charged upon every Piece of Raw Otter Skins exported from this Kingdom.

2297. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Piece of Otter Skins, tawed, exported from this Kingdom.

2298. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That.a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred and Twenty Sheep and Lamb Skins, dressed without the Wool, exported from this Kingdom.

2299. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Sheep Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, exported from this Kingdom.

2300. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One thousand of Squirrel Skins exported from this Kingdom.

2301. Resolved, 'Jbat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Piece of Swan Skins exported from this Kingdom.

2302. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Piece of Wolf Skins, tawed, exported from tin's Kingdom.

2303. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of unwrought Tin exported from this Kingdom.

2304. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Lead Ore exported from this Kingdom.

2305. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings, for every One hundreil Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon the Exportation of Skins, not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to be exported.

2306. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this £om-Vol. 42.

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Beaver Wool exported from this Kingdom.

2307. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all British Copperas exported front this

Kingdom.

2308. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon the Exportation of Hair, not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to be exported.

2309. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Lapis Calaminaris exported from this Kingdom.

2310. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon all Cotton Wool of the Growth or Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom.

2311. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, be charged upon the Exportation of all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Great Britain, the Exportation of which is not prohibited by Law, which shall not be regularly entered and shipped.

2312. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, except into the Port of London.

2313. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, having been brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, except into the Port of London.

2314. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, in case they are such as are most usually sold by the Chalder, or by any other Measure reducible thereto, brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, except into the Port of London.

2315. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, in case they are such as are most usually sold by the Chalder, or by any other Measure reducible thereto, having been brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, except into the Port of London.

231 b. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tin's Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Culm, brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, except into the Port of London.

2317. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Two Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester

Measure,

Repo.-t on

simplifying the Public Accounts

Report on

tiraplifying the Public Accounts.

513

7° Martii.

A. 1787.

Measure, of Culm, having been brought Coastwise from Bushels, e, of Culm, to be used for

Port to Port in Great Britain, except into the Port of the burning of Lime, sent Coastwise in any Ships, Vessels, London. or Boats, not exceeding Thirty Ton9 Burthen, from

2318. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford, in mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence the County of Pembroke, to any other Place within

be charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Cinders made of Pit Coal, brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain.

the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Curdigan, or Met'ioneth.

2329. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Four Shillings be

2319. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and

mittee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings be charged upon Fifty-two Gallons, of Wine, except Rhenish, German, every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of CoalB, and Hungary Wine, exceeding Ten Gallons in Quantity, except Charcoal made of Wood, in case they are such as sent Coastwise or by Land Carriage into the Port of are most usually sold by Weight, brought Coastwise into London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place what* the Port of London. ever, within the Distance of Twenty Miles from The

2320. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Royal Exchange.

mittee, That a Drawback of Four Shillings be allowed 2330. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon the Exportation of every Ton, containing Twenty mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny bei hundred Weight, of Coals, except Charcoal made of charged upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Wood, in case they are such as are most usually sold by Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Weight, having been brought Coastwise into the Port of Auction in Great Britain, of any Interest in Possession London. or Reversion in any Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold

2321. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Com- Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and be charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six of any Utensils in Husbandry and Farming Stocb,

Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, in case they are such as are most usually sold by the Chalder, or by any other Measure whatever reducible thereto, brought Coastwise into the Port of London.

2322. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com'

Ships and Vessels, and of any Reversionary Interest in the Public Funds, and of any Plate or Jewels, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission.

2331. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon

mittee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Ten every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising

Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, in case they are such as are most usually sold by the Chalder, or by any other Measure whatever reducible thereto, having been brought Coastwise into the Port of London.

or payable by Virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain, of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses, and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission.

2332. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Duty of Eight Shillings be charged

2323. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, above Six Shillings mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty imposed on such be charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Beer or Ale, and not being Two-penny Ale, mentioned

Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Culm, brought Coastwise into the Port of London.

2324. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Five Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Chalder,

and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, nor being Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that Part of Great Britain called England, by the Common Brewer, under, subject, and according to the Rules,

containing Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained Culm, having been brought Coastwise into the Port of and provided in and by an Act of Parliament made in London. the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, con-

2325. Resolved, That h is the Opinion of this Com- cerning Beer or Ale, commonly called Table Beer) , mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence be which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the Com* charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six mon Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who shall Bushels, Winchester Measure, of Coals, brought Coast- sell or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, to be wise into the Port of London, for the only Use and Service paid by such Common Brewer, or other Person or Per-

of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding One hundred Chalder by the Year.

2326. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of all the Duties be allowed for all Coals that shall be used for melting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, or in Fire Engines for the draining Water-out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall.

2327. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of all the Duties be allowed for all Coals that shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle, provided the Amount of such Drawbacks shall not exceed the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds in any One Year.

2328. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence

sons respectively, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2333- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, of Six Shillings tire Barrel or under (exclusive of the Duty imposed on such Beer or Ale) which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who shall sell or tap out such Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2334. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties hereby imposed thereon) and not exceeding Eleven Shillings (exclusive of such Duties) commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that Part of Great

he charged upon every Chalder, containing Thirty-six Britain called England, by the Common Brewer, under, 11 subject,

27 Geo. III. 7 0 Martii.513

subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Re- Wax or of Spermaceti, or which are usually called or Report on strictions, and Provisions contained and provided in and sold either for Wax or Spermaceti Candles, notwith- simplifying by the said Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of standing the Mixture of any other Ingredients there-the Reign of His present Majesty; and so in Proportion with, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser " for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by such Quantity.

Common Brewer. ' 2347. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-

2335- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That the said Duties upon Candles be paid by-mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence the Maker thereof.

Farthing, and Thirteen Nineteenth Parts of a Farthing, 2348. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combe charged upon every Barrel of Two-penny Ale, men- mittee, That a Duty of Twenty Shillings be charged tioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash of Union. with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Chaise with Four

2336. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Wheels, or Caravan, or by whatsoever Name such mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings be charged upon Carriages are, or may be, called or known, which shall -every Barrel of French Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be built or constructed in Great Britain for Sale, to be be imported into Great Britain, directly from any of paid by the Maker thereof.

the European Dominions of the French King, and so 2349. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Combi Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be mittee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon paid by the Importer thereof. every Calash, Chaise, and Chair with Two Wheels,

2337. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- or by whatsoever Names such Carriages are, or may- be, mittee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Three called or known, which shall be built or constructed Pence be charged upon every Barrel of Beer, Ale, or in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker Mum, other than French Beer, Ale, or Mum, im- thereof.

ported as aforesaid, which shall be imported from 2350. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-beyond the Seas, and so in Proportion for any greater mittee, That a Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Seven or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer Pence be charged upon every Hogshead of Cyder, thereof. or Perry, which shall be made and sold by Retail in

2338. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Great Britain, to be paid by the Retailers thereof, mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be and so in Proportion for any greater’ or lesser charged upon every One thousand ot Bricks which shall Quantity.

be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any 2351. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-greater or lesser Quantity. mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eleven Pence

2339. R^olved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be charged upon every Hogshead of Cyder, or Perry,

mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon which shall be made and sold in Great Britain, in Quan-every One thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be made tides of Twenty Gallons or upwards, by any Dealer in, in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or Retailer of, Cyder or Perry, from Fruit of the Growth or lesser Quantity. of such Dealer or Retailer, to be paid by such Dealer

2340. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- or Retailer, and so in Proportion for any greater or mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings be charged upon lesser Quantity.

every One thousand of Pan Tiles, or Ridge Tiles, which 2352. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for mittee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence any greater or lesser Quantity. be charged upon every Hogshead of such last mentioned

2341. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Cyder, or Perry, which shall be received into the Custody mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be or Possession of any Person or Persons, to be by such charged upon every One hundred of Paving Tiles, not Person or Persons sold or disposed of, to be paid by exceeding Ten Inches Square, which shall be made in such Person or Persons, and so in Proportion for any Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or greater or lesser Quantity.

lesser Quantity. 2353. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2342. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and Two

mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged Pence be charged upon every Hogshead of Cyder, or upon every One hundred of Paving Tiles, exceeding Perry, which shall be made in Great Britain, and which Ten Inches Square^ which shall be made in Great shall be sent or consigned to any Factor or Agent, who Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser shall receive the same to sell or dispose of, to be paid Quantity. by such Factor or Agent, and so in Proportion for any

2343. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- greater or lesser Quantity.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged 2354. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-upon every One thousand of Tiles, other than such mittee, That a Duty of Seventeen Pounds Sixteen as are hereinbefore enumerated or described, by what- Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Ton of soever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be Cyder, or Perry, which shall be imported from beyond called or known, which shall be made in Great the Seas into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer Quantity. thereof.

2344. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2355. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties upon Bricks and Tiles mittee, That a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and respectively be paid by the Makers thereof. Five Pence Half-penny be charged upon every One

2345. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- hundred Weight of Materials, or Meta), or other Pre-

mittee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be parations whatsoever, by what Name soever the same charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of are, or may be, called or known, that shall be made Candles of Tallow', and other Candles whatsoever (except Use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate or Flint Wax and Spermaceti Candles) which shall be made in Glass, or Enamel stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Great Brit cun, and so in Proportion for any greater or Glass, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser lesser Quantity. Quantity.

2346. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2356. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny be mittee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and One charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Half-penny be charged upon every One hundred Candles, which shall be made in Great Britain, of Weight of Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations

Vol. 42. 6 P whatsoever,

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

514 70 Martu. -^.1787.

whatsoever, by what Name soever the same are, or may be, called or known, that shall be made Use of in Great Britain in the making of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2357. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and One Penny Farthing be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever the same are, or may be, called or known, that shall be made Use of in Great Britain in the making of all other Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2358. Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and One Farthing be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever the same are, or may be, called or known, that shall be made Use of in Great Britain in the making of Common Bottles (the same not being Phials) and of Vessels made Use of in Chymical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels, or Utensils, made of Common Bottle Metal, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2359* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several Rates and Duties upon the Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations for making Glass, be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

2360. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Hides of what Kind soever, and of Calf Skins, Kips, Hog Skins, Dog Skins, and Seal Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, and of Sheep Skins, and Lamb Skins,

which shall be tanned in Great Britain for Gloves and Bazils, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2361. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Goat Skins, which shall be tanned with Shotnack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2362. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Sheep Skius, which shall be tanned for Roans (being after the Nature of Spanish Leather) within Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2363. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty Pounds be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, not hereinbefore particularly charged, and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities.

2364. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several Rates and Duties for and upon all such Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Skins, tanned in Great Britain, be paid by the Tanners thereof respectively.

2365. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, for every such Hide, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity or Number of such Hides.

2366. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon all Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Hides, of what Kind soever (those of Horses, Mares, and Geldings excepted) which shall be so dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Britain, for every such Hide, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

2367. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of all Calf Skins, Kips, and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2368. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins, which shall be so dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, with the Hair on, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

2369. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins, which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and every Dozen of Dog Skins which shall be tawed as aforesaid, in Great Britain, and for every Dozen of Kid Skins which shall be tawed in Great Britain (except such Kid Skins as paid the full Duty on the Importation thereof) and so in Proportion for any- greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

2370. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Buck and Doe Skins (except such as paid the full Duty on the Importation thereof) which shall be dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or be otherwise tawed as aforesaid, in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2371. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Dozen of Goat Skins and of Beaver Skins, which shall be so dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or be otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

2372. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Farthing be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, which shall be dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2373* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty Pounds be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Skins, which shall be tawed in Great Britain (not hereinbefore particularly charged) and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities.

2374. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several Rates and Duties for, and upon, all Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, be paid by such Persons who shall be the Tawers or Makers thereof into Leather respectively.

2373. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence bo charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of all Hides and Skins, and of all Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil, in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2.376. Resolved,

27 Geo. III. 7 Ma515

2376. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- the proper Officer, that it hath paid the Duty of Four

mittee, That a Duty of Eight Pence be charged Pence Three Farthings and Ten Twentieth Parts of upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Calf a Farthing, hereby imposed, for every Bushel thereof, Skins which shall be so dressed in Oil, in Great Bri- and entered with the proper Officer, and in jsuch tain, and so iu Proportion for any greater or lesser Manner as in and by an Act, made in the Thirty-Quantity. third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

2377. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- George the Second is mentioned, directed, and ap-

mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon pointed, with respect to Malt brought from Scotland

every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Sheep Skins into England, Wales, or Bavcick upon Tweed, between

which shall be so dressed in Oil, in Great Britain;the 23d Day of June 1760, and the 24th Day of and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Lamb June 1761, to be paid down in Ready Money to such Skins which shall be so dressed in Oil, in Great Bri- Officers respectively, in Manner as the Duties are tain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser directed to be paid by the said last mentioned Act of

Quantity of such Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins re- Parliament.

spectively. 2387. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2378. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence Three Farthings

mittee, That a Duty of Fifteen Pounds be charged be charged upon every Bushel of Malt which shall upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real be brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Bri-Value of all other Skins, and Parts or Pieces of tain called England, without such Certificate as afore-Skins, to be so dressed in Oil, in Great Britain, not said, to be paid in Manner as the Duties by the said hereinbefore particularly charged, and so in Proportion last mentioned Act are payable with respect to Malt for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities. brought from Scotland, into England, , or the

2379. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon 2388. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of such last-men- mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and a Half-

tioned Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of penny be charged upon every Gallon of Metheglin,

Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil, in or Mead, which shall be made in Great Britain for

Great Britain, and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Quantities or Numbers. 2389. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2380. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine

mittee, That the said several Duties for and upon all Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of

Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called

Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil, in Great Bri- Imperial, of the Value of Two Pounds Eleven SUil-tain, be paid by the Oil Leather Dressers respect lings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the lively. Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by Thirty Inches

2381. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- and a Quarter.

mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Five 2390. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Dozen of mittee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Four Pence Vellum, which shall be made ip Great Britain, and.so Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be shall be made in Britain, called Super Royal,

paid by the Maker thereof. . of the Value of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per

2382. Resolved, That it is the Opinion pffthis Com- Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions . mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven

Three Farthings be charged upon every Dozen of Inches and an Half.

Parchment, which shall be made in Great Britain, and 2391. Resolved, That it is the.Opinion of this Com-so in Proportion for any greater or lessef^Quantity, to mittee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Nine be paid by the Maker thereof. . , Pence Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Paper,

2383. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal,

mittee, That a Duty of One Penny and Twelve of the Value of One Pound Nine Shillings per Ream Twentieth Parts of a Farthing, be charged upon and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Hops, growing Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four

or to grow in Great Britain, which shall be cured and Inches.

made fit for Use, and so in Proportion for a greater 2392. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corner lesser Quantity, to be paid by the respective Owners mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Four Pence

or Possessors thereof. be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall

2384. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be made in Great Britain, called Medium, of the Va-mittee, That a Duty of Nine Pence Three Farthings lue of One Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence per be charged upon every Bushel of Malt, which shall be Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, within of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches that Part of Great Britain called England, and so in and an Half.

Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be 2393. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-paid by the Maker thereof. mittee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Three

2385. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Pence Three Farthings be charged upon every Ream mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence Three Far- of Paper, which shall be made in Britain, called things and Ten Twentieth Parts of a Farthing be Demy, of the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Ream, charged upon every Bushel of Malt, which shall be and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, within Fifteen Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches.

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and so in 2394. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Five Pence paid by the Maker thereof. Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper,

2386. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- which shall be made in Great Britain, called Thick

mittee, That a Duty of Four Pence Three Far- Post, of the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Ream, and

things and Ten Twentieth Parts of a Farthing be upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen

charged upon every Bushel of Malt which shall be Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and an

brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain Half.

called England, accompanied with a Certificate from 2395. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Vol. 42. mittee,

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

516 70 Martii. . 1787.

mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Eight teen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and Three Pence Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Paper, Quarters.

which shall be made in Great Britain, called Thin 2405. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* Post, of the Value of Ten Shillings per Ream, and mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and an made in , called Lettris Fools Cap. of the

Half. Value of Six Shillings, and not exceeding the Value

2396. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- of Ten Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and One Far- Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Seven-tiling be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which teen Inches and an Half.

shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Post, of 2406. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-the Value of Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Ream, mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence Half-penny be and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be Thirteen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and an made m Great Britain, called Pot, of the Value of Half. Four Shillings, and under the Value of Six Shillings

2397. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- and Nine Pence per Ream, and not exceeding the mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Dimensions of Twelve Inches and an Half by Fifteen Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Inches and an Half.

Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called 2407. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coin-Fools Cap. of the Value of Ten Shillings per Ream, mittee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Three and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which Thirteen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Indies and shall be made in Great Britain, called Grand Eagle, or Three Quarters. Double Elephant, of the Value of Four Pounds, and

2398. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds Five Shillings mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, Twenty-six Inches and Three Quarters by Forty which shall be made in Great Britain, called Pot, of Inches.

the Value of Six Shillings and Nine Pence per Ream, 2408. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of mittee. That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and One Twelve Inches and an Half by Fifteen Inches and an Penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which Half. shall be made m Great Britain, called Collombier, of

2399. Resolved, That it is the Opbbn of this Com- the Value of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings, and not mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Ten Pence exceeding the Value of Three Pounds Ten Shillings be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall pet Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of be made in Great Britain, called Large Thick Post, of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by Thirty-four the Value of Fifteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, Inches and an Half.

fend not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches 2409. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-and an Half by Twenty-one Inches. mittee, That a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and

2400. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Three Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, mittee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three which shall be made m Great Britain, called Atlas, of Farthings be charged upon every Ream of Paper, the Value of Three Pounds, and not exceeding the which shall be made in Great Britain, called Large Value of Four Pounds Five Shillings per Ream, and Thb Post, of the Value of Twelve Shillings per Ream, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and upwards, and not exceedbg tire Dimensions of and a Quarter by Thirty-four Inches.

Sixteen Inches and an Half by Twenty-one Inches. 2410. Resolved, That it is the Opinbn of this Com-

2401. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Four Pence mittee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Six Shillings be Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Paper, charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be which shall be made in Great Britain, called Atlas made in Great Britain, called Double Atlas, of the Inferior, of the Value of Two Pounds, and under Value of Fifteen Pounds, and not exceeding the Value the Value of Three Pounds per Ream, and not ex-of Twenty-one Pounds per Ream, and not exceeding ceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and a the Dimensions of Fifty-five Inches by Thirty-one Quarter by Thirty-four Inches.

Inches and an Half. 2411. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2402. Resolved, That it is the Opinbn of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven

mittee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy, of the Small Atlas, of the Value of One Pound Ten Shil-Value of Twelve Shillings, and under the Value of lings, and not exceeding the Value of Two Pounds Sixteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Ten Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and an Half by Twenty Dimensions of Twenty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches. Inches.

2403. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2412. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence mittee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Five Pence Half-pemiy be charged upon every Ream of Paper, Three Farthings be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Copy, of which shall be made in Great , called Impe-

the Value of Seven Shillings and Six Pence, and not rial, of the Value of One Pound Ten Shillings, exceeding the Value of Eleven Shillings per Ream, and under the Value of Two Pounds Eleven Shil-and not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches lings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions by Twenty Inches and a Quarter. of Twenty-two Inches by Thirty Inches and a

2404. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Quarter.

mittee. That a Duty of One SbiUbg and Three Pence 2413. That it is the Opinion of this Com-

be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be mittee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Nine made in Great Britain, called Fools Cap. of the Value Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which of Six Shillings, and under the Value of Ten Shillings shall be made in Great Britain, called Super Royal,

per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thir- of the Value of One Pound Five Shillings, and

under

1-

bee

on.

-nee

'be

*fce

aliie

tie

IfiO.

OB- be be ti ina tic een

i®.

ree

A

or

m > of ortj

GO*

Hie

:xi

nu

toe

£ftl

ti

tt

d

a

a*

it!

ij

3*

ll

a

k

)e *

h

X

r,

I*

is

Geo. III. 1* martii.517

under the Value of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven Inches and a Half.

2414. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Pa-

K:r, which shall be made in Great , called Long

oyal, of the Value of One Pound, and not exceeding the Value of One Pound Ten Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-seven Inches and an Half by Eighteen Inches.

2415. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and One Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Paper, ’which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal, of the Value of Eighteen Shillings, and under the Value of One Pound Nine Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches.

2416. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great called Demy,

of the Value of Thirteen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of One Pound One Shilling per Ream, ana not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches.

2417. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Short Demy, or Crowns, of the Value of Nine Shillings, and not exceeding the Value o,f Fourteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fourteen Inches by Twenty Inches and a Quarter, or of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches.

2418. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Five Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Large Fan, of the Value of Fourteen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of One Pound One Shilling per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches and an Half.

2419. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Fan, of the Value of Eleven Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen Shillings per Ream, and not texceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches and b Quarter by Thirteen Inches and a Quarter.

2420. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Five Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Elephant, of the Value of Fifteen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of One Pound Seven Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches.

2421. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Five Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, for Bank or Bankers Bills or Notes, allowing Two Bills or Notes in each Sheet, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number of Bills or Notes in each £heet

2422. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Demy, of the Value of One Pound Eighteen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of Three Pounds per Bundle. Vol. 42.

and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches by Thirty-eight Inches and an Half.

2423. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Four Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal, of the Value of One Pound Four Shillings, and under the Value of One Pound Sixteen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, or of Twenty Inches by Twenty-six Inches.

2424. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Farthings be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal Inferior, of the Value of Fourteen Shillings, and under the Value of One Pound Four Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches.

2425. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Tw» Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Medium, of the Value of One Pound, and not exceeding the Value of One Pound Eight Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Eighteen Inches by Twenty-three Inches.

2426. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy Single, of the Value of Seventeen Shillings, and under the Value of One Pound Six Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, or of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-one Inches and a Quarter.

2427. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy Inferior, of the Value of Ten Shillings, and under the Value of Seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and no$ exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and aa Half by Twenty-two Inches.

2428. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Fiva Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Crown, of the Value of Seventeen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of One Pound Three Shillings and Six Pence per Bundle, and riot exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Thirty Inches.

2429. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, of Two Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Crown Inferior, of the Value of Twelve Shillings, and under the Value of Seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Thirty Indies.

2430. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Thre$ Farthings be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Crown, of the Value of Thirteen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of One Pound per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches.

243 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Crown Inferior, of the Value of Eight Shillings, and under the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches.

2432. Resolved, That it is the Opioiou of this Com-

GQ mittee,

Report ort-

siniplifyinj the Public Account*-

t

7° Mar tit. 1787.

Report on mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eleven

simplifying Pence be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, the Public which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy ccons. tissue, of the Value of Eight Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of Twelve Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches.

2433. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Crown Tissue, of the Value of Five Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of Nine Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches.

2434- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Pot, of the Value of Nine Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-five Inches and an Half.

2435. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches by Twenty-six Inches.

2436. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Farthings be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Square Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-fbur Inches and an, Half by Twenty-five Inches and an Half.

2437. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Niueteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches.

2438. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Elephant Common, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches.

2439. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Earthings be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one, Inches and an Half by Thirty-three Inches.

2440. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Taper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Smaller Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of Eighteen Inches and Three Quarters by Twenty-seven Inches.

2441. Resolved, That it fe the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Demy Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches.

2442. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Eleven fence be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Crown Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches.

2443. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper,

9

which shall be made in Great Britain, called Purple Royal, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and an Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter.

2444. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Elephant, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches.

' 2445. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Farthings be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Royal, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and an Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter.

2446. Resolved, That it is the Opinion erf this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and One Farthing be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Demy and Blossom, not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-two Inches.

2447. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny Three Farthings be charged upon every Bundle of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Crown Single, not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches.

2448. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Ream of Whited Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Nineteen Inches and Quarter.

2449. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Nineteen Inches and a Quarter.

2450. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com* riiittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great

called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Eighteen inches.

2451. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny Three Farthings be charged upon every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Sixteen Inches.

2452. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence Three Farthings be charged upon every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Eleven Inches.

2453. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty-three Inches by Twenty-one Inches.

2454. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny Three Farthings be charged upon every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by Sixteen Inches.

2455. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ay Geo. III. 70 Martii.

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and ' Half-penny be charged upon every Bundle of Whited Glazed Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, and after those Rates for any greater or lesser Quantity called Small Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimen- of such Papers, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, sions of Thirty-two Inches by Twenty Inches. respectively.

2456. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2468. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence Farthing be charged mittee, That the said several Rates and Duties upon the upon every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper, which shall said several Sorts of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scale-be made in Great Britain, called Small Hand, not ex- board, and Glazed Paper, shall be paid by the Makers ceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and Three thereof respectively.

Quarters by Sixteen Inches. 2469. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2457. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Sort or Kind of Paper, not herein-

mittee, That a Duty of Five Pence Three Farthings be before enumerated and described, which shall be made charged upon every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper, in Great Britain, there shall be charged such Duty as which shall be made in Great Britain, called Couples is hereinbefore charged and payable for the Sort of Pound, and Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions Paper which shall happen to be nearest above, in Size of Twelve Inches by Ten Inches, and of Nine Inches by and Value, to such Sort or Kind of Paper; and in case Seven Inches and an Half. of Neglect or Refusal of Payment of such Duty in due

2458. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Time, then and in every such Case there shall be charged

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence and paid for such Sort or Kind of Paper a Duty after Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Brown the Rate of Twenty Pounds Fourteen Shillings for every Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Im- One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the perial Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty- same, including the Duties hereby charged thereon, nine Inches by Twenty-two Inches. such Value to be estimated upon the Oath of the Maker

24.59. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- thereof, mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny 2470. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Three Farthings be charged upon every Ream of Brown mittee. That the said Duties for such Sorts or Kinds of Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, called Paper respectively shall be paid by the Makers thereof Havon Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty- respectively.

four Inches by Twenty Inches. 2471. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2460. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Three Farthings be

mittee, That a Duty of Eleven Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Yard Square of Paper, which shall charged upon every Ream of Brown Paper, which shall be printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, to serve be made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap. not exceeding for Hangings, or other Uses (over and above the Duties the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by payable for such Paper before the printing, painting, or Nineteen Inches. staining thereof) and so in Proportion for a greater or

2461. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Printer, Painter, or mittee, That a Duty of Nine Pence Farthing be charged Stainer thereof.

upon every Ream of Brown Paper, which shall be 2472. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-made in Great Britain, called Kentish Cap. not exceed- mittee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged ing the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches by Eighteen upon every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, of Inches. Foreign Callicoe and of Foreign Muslins, which shall

2462. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- be printed, stAined, painted, or dyed in Great Britain mittee, That a Duty of Nine Pence Farthing be (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour charged upon every Ream of Brown Paper, which shall only) and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser be made in Great Britain, called Four Pounds, not ex- Quantity.

ceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Sixteen 2473. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Inches. mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny be

2463. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- charged upon every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard

mittee, That a Duty of Five Pence Three Farthings be wide, of all Linens, and of all Stuffs, made either of charged upon every Ream of Brown Paper, which shall Cotton or Linen mixed with other Materials, Fustians, be made in Great Britain, called Small Cap. not ex- Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other Figured Stuffs,

ceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Fifteen made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed or wholly

Inches. made of Cotton Wool wove in Great , which

2464. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great

mittee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of Half-penny be charged upon every Ream of Brown Paper, One Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen) Four Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty- and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quan-three Inches by Twenty Inches. tity.

2465. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 2474. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence Farthing be charged mittee,. That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon tipon every Bundle of Brown Paper which shall be made every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, of Foreign

*in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not ex- Callicoe and of Foreign Muslin, printed, stained, painted, ceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Eleven or dyed, which shall be imported into Great Britain Inches. directly from any of the European Dominions of the

2466. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- French King (except such as shall be dyed throughout mittee, That a Duty of Five Pence Three Farthings be of One Colour only) and so in Proportion for any greater charged upon every Bundle of Brown Paper which shall or lesser Quantity.

be made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound, and 2475. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve mittee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny be Inches by Ten Inches, and of Nine Inches by Seven charged upon every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard Inches and an Half. wide, of all Linens, and of all Stuffs made either of

2467. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Cotton or Linen mixed with other Materials, Fustians, mittee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Ten Pence Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs Three Farthings be charged upon every One hundred made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed or wholly *Vox.. 42. made

Report oa

simplifying the Pub{ie Accounts.

steport on simplifying the Public Accounts.

520 7* MartiuA. 1787.

made of Cotton Wool, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the Euro Dominions of the French King (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, Cotton, or Silk mixed) and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2476. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, of Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, and of British Muslins, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only) and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2477. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny Three Farthings be charged upon every Yard in Length, reckoning Half Yard wide, of all Silks, which shall be printed, stained, or painted in Great Britain (Silk Hankerchiefs excepted) over and above the Duties payable on the Importation of them or any of them.

2478. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence Half-penny be charged upon every Yard Square of Silk Handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for wider or narrower Silk Hankerchiefs, over and above the Duties payable on the Importation of them or any of them.

2479. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence Farthing be charged upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Hard Cake Sope, or Ball Sope, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

2480. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Three Farthings be charged upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Soft Sope, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

2481. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be charged, for a Time to be limited, upon every Gallon of Fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof.

2482. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged, for a Time to be limited, upon every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof.

2483. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Pence Three Farthings be charged, for a Time to be limited, upon every Gallon of Fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof.

2484. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged, for ft Time to be limited, upon every Gallon of Wash, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melasses and

Sugar) or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof.

2485. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eighteen Shillings be charged, for a Time to be limited, upon every Seventy-two Gallons of Wash, which George Bishop, of Maidstone, shall produce from a Weight of Malt, or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and Twelve Pounds Weight, Avoirdupoise, to be paid by the said George Bishop.

2486. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be charged, for Time to be limited, upon every Gallon of Wash front which Twenty-four Gallons shall be taken and distilled by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions* and under the Authority, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, if such Twenty-four Gallons of Wash, so distilled, shall be found to produce more than Two Gallons and Three-fourth Parts of a Gallon of Spirits, of the Strength of On© in Seven under Hydrometer Troof, to be paid by the said George Bishop.

2487. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged, for a Time to be limited, upon every Gallon of British Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Tea over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom, to be paid by the Importer thereof.

2488. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged, for a Time to be limited, upon every Gallon of alt such Spirits as last aforesaid, of greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum x>ver and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, Two Shillings; and also © further Duty, proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, or the Person bringing tk© same.

2489. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Farthing b© charged upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise* of Starch, of what Kind soever, which shall be mad© in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

2490. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Seven Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing be charged upon every Barrel of Liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

2491. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pounds Ten Shilling© per Centum be charged upon all Tea which shall be sold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchant© of England trading to the East Indies, to be computed upon the Gross Price at which such Tea shall be sold, to be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being.

2492. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Hogshead of Ver-juicq which shall be roadq in Great Britain for Sale, to

bt

27 Geo. III. of Martii. "5it

be paid by the Maker thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

2493. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Three Farthings be charged upon every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

2494. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Pounds Seventeen Shillings be charged upon every Ton of all Wines, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

2495. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence Farthing be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Gilt Wire, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

2496. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Silver Wire, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

2497. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of One Shilling and Four Pence be made upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale, and not being Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed as aforesaid) which shall be brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2498. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of One Shilling and Eight Pence be made upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale, not being Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, or such Table Beer) which shall be brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or top out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in Great Britain, not within the Cities of and Westminster, nor within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2499. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of Four Pence be made upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale of Six Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale) which shall be brewed by the Common Brewer, or by. any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, throughout Great Britain, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2500. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of Three Pence be made upon every Quarter of Malt which shall be made and locked up for Exportation, and exported according to the Directions of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, concerning Malt made for Exportation.

2501. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of the Whole of, the Duties charged upon Paper be made to the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, for Paper used in the printing

Vox,. 42.

Books in the Latin, Greek, or Northern Lan-

guages, within the said Universities.

2502. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That au Allowance of the Whole of the Duties charged upon Paper be made to the Universities of Scotland, for Paper used in the printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the said Universities.

2503. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of One Penny Half-peony be made upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Hai’d Cake Sopp, or Ball Sope, which shall be consumed in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

2.504. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cqm-mittee. That an Allowance of One Penny and One Twelfth Part of a Penny be made upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Soft Sope, which shall be consumed in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

2505. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of One Penny Farthing be made upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Hard Cake Sope, or Ball Sope, which shall be consumed in whitening new Linen in the Piece, for Sale.

2506. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of Three Farthings be made upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Soft Sope, which shall be consumed in whitening new Linen in the Piece for Sale.

2507. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of Three Farthings be made, for a Time to be limited, upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Sope, which shall be consumed in the preparing and finishing all Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for Sale, except such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece for Sale.

2508. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of One Penny Half-penny be made, for a Time to be limited, upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Starch, which shall be made in Great Britain, and shall he used and consumed in preparing and finishing all Manufactures from Flax and

Cotton for Sale, except such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece for Sale.

2509. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of Three Pence he made upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Starch, which shall be made in Great Britain, and shall be used -and consumed in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale.

2510. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One Shilling be allowed upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty imposed thereon, which shall be proved to have been brewed in Great Britain from Malted Corn, and whereupon the Duties for Strong Beer, or Ale, shall be proved to have been charged or paid, exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize, when Barley is at Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, or under.

2511. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings be allowed upon every Ton of Spirits, drawn or made from Corn, subject to the Restrictions of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize.

2512. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight , Shillings he allowed upon every Barrel of J>eer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty on such Beer or Ale, and not being Two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, nor being Beer or Ale, commonly called 'Fable Beer) which shall be brewed and made by the Common

0 R Brewer,

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

70 Martii. A. 1787-

Report oa Brewer, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, simplifying Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in Account* *"4 an ^ct mac*e be Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, concerning Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2513. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of all the present Duties be allowed on all Bricks and Tiles respectively, which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2514. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Candles of Tallow, and other Candles whatsoever, which shall be made in Great Britain (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2515- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Caadles, which shall be made in Great , of

Wax or of Spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold for Wax or Spermaceti Candles, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2516. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of all the present Duties be allowed upon every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry, which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2517. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two-thirds of the present Duties be allowed on all Hides and Calf Skins respectively, which shall be tanned, tawed, or dressed, in Great Britain, and duly marked and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2518. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Thirds of the present Duties be allowed on all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins respectively, which shall be tanned, tawed, or dressed, in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2519. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Hides and Calf Skins respectively, which shall be dressed or curried in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2520. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Seal Skins, which shall be tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2521. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Leather tanned in Great Britain, chargeable by Weight, which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2.522. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two-thirds of the present Duties be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Boots, Shoes, Gloves, or other Manufactures, made of any Kind of tawed or dressed Leather, chargeable by Weight, exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2523. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny and Twelve Twentieth Parts of a Farthing, be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Hops, growing, or to grow, in Great Britain, and which shall be cured or made tit for Use, and on which the Duties imposed have been duly charged, exported as Merchandize to fnlu >:d.

2524. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the Whole of the present Duties be allowed upon all Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2525. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Three Farthings be allowed upon every Yard Square of Paper, which shall be printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, for Hangings, or other Uses, and shall be exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2526. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the Whole of the Duties be allowed upon all Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, Figured Stuffs, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, Callicoes, and Muslins, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2527. Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the present Duties be allowed upon all Silks and Silk Handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2528. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pence Farthing be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2529. Resolved, That it is. the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Three Farthings be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Soft Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2530. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coni-i mittee, That a Drawback of Three Pence Farthing be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Starch, which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

2531. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of all the present Duties be allowed upon all Tea which shall be exported to Ireland, or His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

2532. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings be allowed upon every Ton of Foreign Wine, which shall be exported from Great Britain to any British Settlement in the East Indies, or to any British Colony or Plantation in America, as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2533. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings be allowed upon every Ton of Foreign Wine, which shall be exported from Great Britain, as Merchandize to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2534. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupoise, of Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt Wire, which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2.535- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight, Avoir-

7 Geo. III. 70 — -8" Martii. 523

dupoise, of Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Silver Wire, which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2536. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Duties of Customs and Excise, together with the several other Duties composing the Public Revenue, be consolidated and constituted into a Fund, to be issued and applied to such and the same Uses and Purposes as all and every the Duties and Revenues now composing the Sinking Fund, or all or any other of the said Duties or Revenues, are or may be issued and applied, in pursuance of the several and respective Acts of Parliament for granting and appropriating the same.

2537. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all such Sum and Sums of Money, as-shall remain in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, which hath been reserved for the Payment of any Annuity or Annuities for Life or Lives, and which hath or have not been claimed for a certain Space of Time, be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said resolutions;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Bill," the Words ilor Bills."

And the Question being put, That the Words " or 4‘ Bills" be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for (he ^^2^' }

Teller, for foe Noe, } >37- '

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for impowering the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to provide One new Stamp, to denote the several Rates and Duties on every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Instrument, Matter, or Thing, instead of the distinct Stamps now used to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Instrument, Matter, or Thing, charged therewith.

Question, by inserting, after the Word " 'that," the Words " it is necessary to declare that."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put,

That it is necessary to declare, that no Address from this House to the Throne can, in any Degree, bind or pledge this House, in its Legislative Capacity, or bar the Subjects Right of petitioning this House, upon any Bill depending in Parliament, although such Bill . be founded upon, and conformable to, such Address, previously agreed to by the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

' Tellers for foe Ye»s,{{£ . j 113.

Tellers fer.be Noes,} *88.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^*an*deier House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deterred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8* die M

Anno 27* Georgii IIPa Regis, 1787.

Pra VERS.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Proceeding* Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, on ii. India a List of the Names of all the Members of this House who had delivered in Lists, in pursuance of Ac the Directions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Regulation of the Trial ol Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Kipping'* Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Cross Road* Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Pressut‘ Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross, ed" in the County of Kent, to Lamber Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to Vent,

in the County of Susse.r; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound aforesaid, through East Lane, and by Hope to the Turnpike Road at Clayhill, in the Parish of in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Wrotham posed. That no Address from this House to the whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of Heath Road Throne can, in any Degree, bind or- pledge this House, the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, Bill reported, in its Legislative Capacity, or bar the Subjects Right widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading of petitioning this House, upon any Bill depending in from the Turnpike Road at Heath, in the

Parliament, although such Bill be founded upon, and County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from conformable to, such Address, previously agreed to by Croydon to Godslone, in the County of Surrey, was com-the House; mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Vo L. 43. that

5^4 8° Martii.H. 1787.

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment, was Twice read; and, upon the Question 'put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Frome Mar- A Petition of the Honourable Edmund Earl of Cork and Paving ant* Orrery, and the humble Petition of the several Petition. 8 Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants within the Town and Parish of Frome, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and re^d; Setting forth, That the said Earl is seised of a Market within the said Town, to be held on Wednesday and Saturday in every Week, and the said Market is partly held in the public Streets of the said Town, which is very inconvenient to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting to, and using, the said Market; and that the erecting a Market House within the said Town, together with proper Buildings and Apartments thereto, would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and of public Convenience: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Market House within the said Town, together with proper Buildings and Apartments thereto, and for purchasing and taking down several Houses in the said Town (to be mentioned and described in the said Act, or a Schedule to be annexed thereto) and for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Incroachments, in the said Streets, and other public Passages, and for paving and lighting the Streets, in such Manner us to the Mouse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Phclips, Mr. Pye, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tunc ap-,pointed for receiving Address*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty having appointed this Pay, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James, to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, the Lords do intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Exeter Gael A Petition of Deirys Rolle, of Hudscott, in the County Petition. of Devon, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner and his Ancestors have been, for a great Number of Ifears past, possessed of the Office of Keeper of the Gaol of Exeter, in the County of Dev, by virtue of some Estate situate in that County, or otherwise; and that such Gaol is in a very improper State for the Purposes of a Gaol for the said County, and it would be much to the Advantage of the County that the said Gaol should in future be in the Keeping of the Sheriff of the said County, and be on the same Footing as other Gaols of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioner hath agreed with many of the Magistrates and principal Gentle-, men of the said County, to give the Sum of £. 1,000 to be employed in the immediate Improvement and Repair of the said Gaol, in Consideration, that the same should be in future in the Keeping, of the Sheriff of the said County, and the Petitioner and his Estates discharged from all Offices or Duties respecting the same, other than as the Proprietors of other Estates may be liable in respect thereof: And therefore pray-

ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as Shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ’ mine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to Ecclesiasti. Order, a Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits cal Court* in Ecclesiastical Courts: And the same was received; Bl11 pre* and read the Firet Time. *enM

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and other Inha- Sandwich bitants, of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the Paving P i-County of Kent, was presented to the House, and t on’ road; Setting forth, That the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the said Town, are not properly repaired, paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and, on account of various Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and on the Common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and on the Bridge built over the said Haven, the said Highways,

Streets, Lanes, and Quay, and also the said Haven, and Bridge, for Want of some Regulation in the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge, are rendered very unsafe, dangerous, and incommodious; and that it w'ould conduce very much to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety, of the Petitioners, and all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, were properly repaired, paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the same, and also the said Quay, Haven, and Bridge, kept free from all Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge, were properly regulated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for tire Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brett, Mr. Stephens,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Papers Copy or Duplicate of a Letter from Sir Elijah hnpey jj, to the Court of Directors of tire East India Company, or(Jere£ 0 dated 8th August 1782, with its Inclosures, relating to the Contract granted to A. Fraser, for the Repair of the Bunds, Pools, anti Dykes, in the Province of Burdwan.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Accounts received of the Ships Betsey and Non such, and of the Success of their Voyage to Canton, in the Year 1782, when laden with Opium on the Company’s Account; and also of a Letter or Letters written by the Supra-Cargoes at Canton to the Court of Directors respecting the same Subject.

Ordered, That; there be laid before this House, a 12, Copy

27 Geo. III. , 8# — 9°

Copy of the Revenue Letter from Bengal, received by The Ranger.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Sir John Baronet,

received by The Ranger.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from William Larkins, Esquire, Accountant General in Bengal, to the Chairman of the East India Company, received by The Ranger.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of such Advices from Bengal, or China, relative to the Exportation of Opium to China, See. on the Company’s Account, as are not yet before the House: And also, a Copy of any Orders that may have been sent to Bengal on the same Subject.

A Petition of the several Persons thereunto subscribing, Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and repairing the lload from the City of Glasgow to Luggie Water, and from thence to the Town or Village of Cumbernauld and Redburn Bridge, in the Counties of Lanark and Dunbarton, or Heritors of Lands in the said Counties, adjoining to the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City o certain Persons were appointed Trustees, for making and repairing the Roads therein described, particularly the Road leading from the said City to Luggie Wate)', and from thence to the Town of Cumbernauld and Redburn Bridge, in the Counties of Lanark and Dunbarton, and an Act was passed, in the Twenty-seventh Year Of his said late Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said former Act; and that by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reigp of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge " the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of " Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the Districts " of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and " from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering " and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned " District of Roads," the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty were continued and enlarged, in so far as related to the Roads therein and above-mentioned, and certain Trustees were appointed in addition to the Trustees named in the said former Act, and a Survey was directed to be made of the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and a proper Line of Road to be marked out and described, which being approved of by a General Meeting of the Trustees, all the Clauses and Powers, respecting the Road described in the said former Act, were extended and made applicable to the Road so marked out and ascertained, and certain other Powers werp granted to the Trustees; and that a Survey was accordingly taken and reported to a General Meeting of the Trustees, but tiic said Road has not hitherto been effectually repaired, to the great Inconvenience of the Public, to whom it would be beneficial that the said Road from to Redburn

Bridge should pass by or near Hoggaiifield Loch, and from thence by or near Gamkirkand by or near Mol-lins and Bankhcath Bridge, and by or near Condorral,

and by or near Cumbernauld, and from thence to Redburn, and it would likewise he of great Benefit to the Public, if the said Road was extended from Redburn to Bonny Water, in the County of Stirling, and for those Purposes that the said Acts of the Twenty-sixth 'and Twenty-seventh of his late Majesty, and Sixth of His present Majesty, should, in Part, be altered and Vol. 42.

Mar tit, 525

repealed, and the Term thereby granted enlarged, and -other Powers granted for effectually making and repairing the said Road according to the Line of Direction above mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and explaining the said Acts, so far as they relate to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for enlarging the Term theregf, and for the more effectually making and repairing the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and from thence to Bonny Water, in the County of Stirling.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Dundas, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Nottingham to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Road ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Presente®* Nottingham to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 9° die Martii;

Anno 270 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported, That both Houses did, King’s An-Yesterday, attend His Majesty with their Ad- swer to Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this dre*V most Gracious Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I return you My Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Address.

The Declaration of your Sentiments^ formed aftgr the most serious Consideration of the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between Me and the Most Christian King, affords Me the truest Satisfaction; and I receive with Pleasure the Assurances of your Intention to proceed with all proper Expedition in taking such Steps as may be necessary for giving it Effect.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House ad-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. journ* to

Monday.

Mr. Secretary at War, from the Select Committee, Norwich who were appointed to try and determine the Merits Election de, of the Petition of Sir Thomas Beevor, Baronet; and termined. also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Norwich and County of the same City, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Henry Hobart is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

6 S That

526

p9 Afar

jd. 1787.

That Sir Thomas Eeecor, Baronet, is not duly elected A Citizen to serve in this present' Parliament for the said City of Norwich:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the last flection of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Norwich was a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

being heard by their Counsel upon the Report of the said Bill;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Norwich

Writ

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwin the room of the Honourable Henry Hobart, whose Election for the said City has been determined to be void.

Trowell Inclosure Bill presented.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Wrotham Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for re- Heath Koa4 pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road Uilt leading from the Turnpike Road at Heath,

in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Gods tone, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Mr. Medaws presented to the House, according to be, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the

Radrlifle Inclosure Peti'

tion.

Order, a Bill to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and for uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Jonas Bettison, John Taylor, Samuel Parr, John Alorley, and others. Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Radcliff upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and, that if the said Fields, and other the Open Lands aforementioned, were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That

Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at JVrotham , in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Afarsha mdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Daniel Graff, was Graff’s Nat, read the Third Time. bill passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Graff.

Ordered, That Mr. ‘ Gipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Camper^.

Camper, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title I, JS£e," be. An Act for naturalizing Peter Camper.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennymando carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Retail Petition*

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing Tradesmen of the Town of Stourbridge, in the County

Gainsborough Bridge 3iU reported.

of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of Chester, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying, That the House will take the Circumstances of then* Petitions into Consideration, and provide such Remedies for the Relief of the Petitioners, and the Benefit of the Public, as shall be thought tnost adviseable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

and inclosing the said Fields, and other the Open Lands aforementioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Aledvws and Lord Edward Benthic/: do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Aledon's reported from the Committee, ta whom the Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry, over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, and to whom the Petition of John Harrison,

Esquire, Owner of a certain Ferry, called Walkerith

Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That Mr. Edgecumbe reported from the Committee, to East Stone* the Committee had considered the said Petition; and whom the Pelition of the Patron, Minister, Church or houseCbap4 had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Chapel Wardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the *et>tionr*.

the same to be true; and that the Committee had Parish or Chapelry of East Stonehouse, in the County porle ‘

gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had irtents thereunto, which they had directed him to re- examined the Matter of the said Petition, and hadv port to the House; and he read the Report in his directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them,

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the House being informed, That the Mayor, Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, fjncoln, in Common Council assembled, who peti- Henry Collins, Esquire, being examined, said, That ‘ tioned this House upon Monday last, praying to be the Parish Church or Chapel of East is a

heard by themselves or Counsel against the said Bill, very ancient Fabric, and very much decayed, and the and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Number of Inhabitants within the said Parish or Cha-I'able until the Report be received from the Com,- pel 17 having very greatly increased, it will be neccs-ttityee to whom the said Pill was committed, (jeclinod tary to pull down, enlarge, or re-built] the said Church

7 or

:;1

it*

er

Ti

lai

tin

of

W;

Ns

the

be

frit

Re

iai<

niei

ind

and

*ve:

the

Ma

Rf.

c

to: leri Lea

Pet

and

m

dm

cons

C

Cor

Mr.

M01

Ctta

ti nien

Lis' "ft % "I

,;fi

''I

"ft

"A

'ill*

Vea

4 1

37 Geo. III. 90 Martii. 527

or Chapel, a3 the present Building will not contain Half the Inhabitants having Occasion to resort thereto.

Ordered, That I<eave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Chapel of East , in the

Parish of Saint AndrewPlymouth, in the County of

Devon: And that Mr. Edgecumbe and Mr. do prepare; and bring in, the same.

Eat India A Petition of the United Company of Merchants Company’* of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to Petition re- t^e House, and read; Reciting an Act made in the Party Wall* Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to w*te- intituled, "An Act for the further and better Rcgu- " lation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the

'* more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, " within the Cities of London aifrl , and the

" Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, " and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, J*‘ the Parishes of Saint , Saint

" Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County " of Middlesex, and for indemnifying, under certain " Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against the " Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid,

" contrary to I aw;" and Setting forth, That the Petitioners arc possessed of Warehouses heretofore erected, which, on the Ground Plan thereof, exceed Thirty-five Squares, without any Division (being of larger Dimensions than allowed by the said Act) and, their Trade requiring a very considerable Addition of Warehouse Room, they are now building new Warehouses upon the Ground where His Majesty’s Navy Office lately stood; and that it is necessary to the Petitioners Trade that their Warehouses should be of greater Dimensions than Thirty-live Squares, without uny Division, and the conforming, iu that Respect, to the Regulations and Directions of the said Act would be attended with the utmost Inconvenience to the Petitioners in conducting their Business, and would besides occasion a very heavy Expence; and that the Petitioners Warehouses are built with every possible Precaution against Fire, either within the same, or from surrounding Buildings, and in a Manner which makes it wholly unnecessary, with regard to the public Safety, to confine such Buildings to the Dimensions, Regulations, and Directions, prescribed by the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to brine in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding the Dimensions mentioned in the said Act, ami treed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions therein contained.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCbmmittee: And that they do examine’ the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier, Mr. Baring, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham A Petition of several Trustees appointed for putting and Britul in Execution the Powers of a certain Act of Parlia-Lne Roads ment, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of rtiuon. Majesty George the First, intituled, "An Act

" for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bnami to Great Bridge, and " from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next ad-'* joining to the Township of and from Great

" Bridge, through Dudley, to and to the

" further End of Britte Lane, in the Counties of u Warwick, Stafford, and and of a certain

other Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Vol. 42.

Second, foe enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the beforemen tioned Act of Parliament, and also of a certain other Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Terms ana Powers of the Two several beforementioned Acts of Parliament, so far as the same respectively relate to the said Roads leading from a Place called The Nether Trirtdle, near Dudley, to Kingsuinford, where the said Road joins the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and to the said End of Brittel Lane next Stourbridge, and also, of several Persons who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the stud Roads, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the same, which still remain due; and that the Petitioners find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said several Acts are further continued, and the Powers therein altered, amended, enlarged, and in Part repealed; and that there is no public Communication (without going at least Two Miles round) between the Town of Dudley and Tipton Green, in the Parish of Tipton, in the County of Stafford, which are both very large and populous Places, and where considerable Collieries are worked, and very extensive Iron Works and Manufactories carried on; and that the Distance between Dudley and Tipton Green does not exceed One Mile and dti Half In a straight Lioe, and the Petitioners apprehend, if a Road, or Side Branch, was made, to extend from the said lioad leading from Great Bridge to the Town of Dudley, at or near to a House in the Possession of Hi (Ham James, known by the Sign of Lord Dudley's Arms, situate in the said Parish of Dudley, in a direct Line over certain Linds ' t belonging to John Viscount Dudley and Ward, and others, lying in the said Parishes of Dudley and to the Upper or South East End of Tipton Green aforesaid, the same would be of great public Utility, and of essential Service to the Coal Mines and extent sive Iron Manufactories carried on in the Neighbourhood of Dudley ants Tipton Green aforesaid, by making a much nearer and more convenient Communication between them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the said several Acts of Parliament, and to grant further Powers to the said Trustees, and that proper Clauses may be inserted therein for making, repairing, and maintaining the additional Road, or Side Branch, before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ja'voise, Mr. Hunter,

Sec.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Jeixoise presented to the House, according to st. George Order, a Bill for confirming the Purchase of a House Hanover ' situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Square, Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, ^rj^"_us* Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of se^teii. Westminster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Denys Rol/e, Esquire, Lord of the Sarsden, &c. Manors of Sarsden, Churchill, Lyn A/erriscourt, [|lc, osur*

5^8

9° Martii.

1787-

and Finescourt, in the County of Oxford, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, Tythes, Rights of Common, or other Rights and Properties, within the said Manors, was presented to the House, -and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parishes of Sarsden and , and

Tything of Lyneham, and Finescourt, in

the County of Oxford, certain large Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds; and that the Lands of the Petitioners and others, in the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, arc incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the said Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted amongst the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Interests, great Advantage would arise to the said Proprietors; And therefore praying, That Leave may |>e given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,-Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarsden and and Tything of

Lyneham, Merriscourt, and Finescourt, in the Paris!, of Shipton under IVhichxooood, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baring and Sir Charles JVarukk Bampjylde do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ilosch’s Nat. Mr. John Baring presented to the House, accor-

sented* ^ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter John Hosch: And the same was received;, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Birmingham, &c. Hoad Bill com* Buttedt

Milwich Inclosure Petition.

A Bill for continuing the Term of Three Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, tire Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Binm through nesbury, to High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet , and to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the Counties of and

Stafford; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Trouse Lane, in the Parish of Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jer-voise, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, having Right of Common frpon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Milwin the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, whereon the Petitioners, and others, have Right of Common for their Cattle, at all Times of the Year, but the said Commons and Waste Grounds, lieing liable to great Incroachments, and in other Respects inconveniently circumstanced, the same are of little Value to the Persons interested therein; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds are capable of great Improvement, and if the same were inclosed, divided, and allotted amongst the several Persons having Right of Common thereupon, it would be of great Advantage to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds* in such Manner, and with such

Powers and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir John JVrottcsley, and Sir Edward Lit-tletoiii do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act of the Borford Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, so far as Roads Bill the same relates to the Roads from The Hand and conuwttt<*-Post, at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stoao on the IVold, and from thence to Paddle Brook, and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman, Mr. Gilbert, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Artificers, and Inhabitants of the Island of Portsea, in the against Ports County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto sea s,mall subscribed, was presented to the House; and read;

Taking Notice of the Application lor Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Requests in the said Island; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are averse to the Introduction of such Bill into the said Island, because it deprives them, in many Instances, of those inestimable Rights, the Trial by Jury, and the Protection of the Common I aw; and, the Petitioners also conceive the Island of Portsea is locally and peculiarly improper for the Introduction of any such Bill, on Account of the great Number of Persons employed under Government in the said Island, in His Majesty’s Dock Yard, Gun Wharf, Victualling Office, Navy, Customs, and other Departments, and of the Credit given by those Persons to Government, on the Receipt of whose Wages the circulating Cash of the Island in a great Degree* depends; and that the Petitioners are persuaded that the establishing a Court of Requests in the said Island would not only be attended with great Prejudice to the Public Service of the Kingdom, but would be particularly oppressive and injurious to Individuals: And therefore praying, That no such Bill may pass into a Law; and that they may be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Island of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, is referred.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and Tendering com Regs-more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first lation Bill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cnmmllt*d*

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five; of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Merchants, Land Owners, Farmers, and Comfactore, residing at or near the Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And

e

27 Geo. III. p° Martiu 529

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Coifunittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Cambridge The I louse was moved, That the Order made upon Small Debts Tuesday last, for reading a Second Time, upon the 22d Bill deferred. £)ay of this Instant March, the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Cambridge, and the Hundreds of Chesterton, Fiendish, Sla'me, Northstow, South or Longstm,

Wet her ley, Armingford, Whittksford,

Staplow, Chcvely, and Rin the County of Cano-

bridge, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Iustant March,

Wtdnwborv, Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Ac. Hoads Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Prcscn enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Pullen in to the

further End of Darlaston Lane, next The Poriway, and from thence, through Bil to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to till present* Ordec, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an ed. Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shulldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier pr Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prowdiogs The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ooEast India ]ast Session of Parliament, for the further Regulation of Art*1"1* Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several lists, which haa been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lists were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, iaken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lists be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the same, and report to the Flouse, upon Monday next, the Karnes of every Member, whose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lists:

And they are referred to Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Steele, tire Earl of Mornington, Mr. Mr. Thorn-

ton, Sir William Dolben, the Lord Hood, Mr. Young, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Call, Mr. Popham: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Papers relat- . Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Going to Mr. pjgs cf an such Minutes and Proceedings held in

wikred* Bengal, and of such Letters from the Governor General and Council of Bengal, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council, as are not now before the House, relating to the following Subjects: Bullock Contract of Mr. Crojts —

Vol. 42.

Mr. Tempter's Elephant Contract-Marine Contract —

Mr. Beilis Contract and Agency — Sir John Day's Allowances — Sir Eyre Coates Allowances — Surgeon General’s Contract — Mr. Frasers Contract — Opium Contract.

Ordered, That there be laid before this* House, a Copy of a Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Directors of the East India Company, dated Cheltenham,

21st August 178 5.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Minutes of Sir John Macpherson, Baronet, dated gth April, and 11th July 1785, relative to Opium.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Pa- Paper reUt-per, containing Consultations and Correspondence, rela- >ngtoMr five to Mr. Auriofs Agency for supplying Rice, fyc. to "

the other Presidencies, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, by Mr. Morton (from the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies) be printed* as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and against others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within Swansea the Borough and Town of Swans> in the County favui8 Bl of Glamorgan, was presented to the House* and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and certain Parts near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are of Opinion such Bill is unnecessary, and, if passed into a Law, will be very prejudicial to their Property in the said Town and Borough: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday, the 19th Day of April next.

A Petition of several of the Participants of the Hatfield Level of Hatfield Chace, in the Counties of York, Chaceprain-Lincoln, and Nottingham, on Behalf of themselves and a2* Petition, the rest of the said Participants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds within the said Level and Parts adjacent being subject to be overflowed, several Powers were, from Time to Time, granted to the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Level and Parts adjacent, for draining and preserving the same, and, in Consequence thereof, the said Lands and Grounds have been very considerably improved, but the Powers granted as aforesaid are not sufficient for effectually draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds; and that the said Lands and Grounds might be better drained arid preserved, if the Commissioners of Sewers were sufficiently im powered to enlarge the present Outfall, Sluice, or Clough, upon a certain Drain or River within the said Level, called The South River, at the Junction thereof with the River Trent, and also to make a new Cut or Drain from the said

6 T South

530

9° Mart

A. 1787.

South River, at the Distance of about 120 Chains from the said Sluice or Clough, to communicate with a River in the said Level, called The River Tome, at ithe Distance of about l;ive Chains above the Great Bend or Elbow in the said River, West of and near to Hirst Hall, in the Parish of Belton, in the County of Lincoln, and also a new Cut or Drain from the Second Bend or Elbow in the said River below

Ross Bridge, to communicate with a Drain within the said Level, called The New Idle, at or near the Stop Gate at Tunnel Pit, and also to scour, cleanse, deepen, widen, and alter the Course of the said River Torne and South River, and to repair the Banks thereof, ait such Places, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and also to make a new additional Sluice in the Bank of the said River Trent, in the Parish of Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, upon a certain

and constant Supply of good and wholesome Water may be bad from a Rivulet in the Parish of called Hois forth-Beck, or by a Removal or Improvement of the present Water Works, but the same will be attended with a considerable Expence; and that, by an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, Power is given to light and cleanse the Streets and other public Places within the said Town, and to remove and prevent certain Nuisances and Annoyances therein, but the said Streets and other Places are subject to various other Nuisances and Annoyances, and also to several Incroachmenta and Obstructions, which the Provisions of the said Act are not sufficient for removing and preventing, and there are certain Streets and other Places, within and near to the said Town, to which the said Act doth not extend, and which are not properly lighted, and are subject to divers Nuisances, Annoyances, Incroachments, and

Drain called Keadby new River or Drain; and that the Obstructions; and that the supplying the Inhabitants

Petitioners ate willing that the several Works before mentioned should be done, and that the Expence thereof should be charged and raised upon the Lands and Grounds belonging to, or held in Trust for, the Benefit of the Petitioners within the said Level, in like Manner as the other Expences of draining and preserving the said Level are charged and raised; and that the doing the said several Works will bd of great Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds liable to be overflowed as aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually draining and preserving the said Level, and Parts adjacent, in such think proper.

of the said Town and Neighbourhood with a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Water, and removing and preventing all Nuisances, Annoyances, Incroachments, and Obstructions, within the several Streets and other Places before mentioned, and lighting such of the said Streets and other Places as are not within the Limits of the said Act, will be of very great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants and all Persons resorting to the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall

Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the.llouse shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. fVilherforce, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lastingham

Inclosure

Petition.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Consoftk.

House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the seve- ti<,n Dill pro-A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ral Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other stnted* thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties

Lands, Tenements, and Estates, within the Township together with the other Duties composing the Public Re-and Parish of Lastingham, in the North Riding of the venue; and for permitting the Importation of certain County of York, on Behalf of themselves and other Goods, ~

Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Estates, within the said Township and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township and Parish, certain Open Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures,

Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

and other Open Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners upon Tuesday Morning next.

and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, great Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other Open Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mv. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the said BUI, without the Schedules thereunto annexed, be printed.

A Petition of the subscribing Merchants, trading to Petition;, South Carolina and Georgia, in Behalf of themselves ^a(d'^ and others,

House;

South Caro-

being offered to be presented to the linaan(j

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition*, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1770, the Cherokee Indians, being considerably indebted to the Traders who supplied them with Goods, and finding it impossible, from the decreased Number of Deer, to pay their Debts, as usual, with Skins, proposed to their said Trad-to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is ers the Cession of a very large Body of Land, claimed not, at present, a proper Supply of Water from the by that Nation as their Property, and situated to the Engine or Water Works now used in the said Town Southward of the River Savannah, such Cession to be for the Use of the Inhabitants, hut that a sufficient taken by the Traders as a full Payment of all Debts

9 and

Georgia.

Leeds Waier, A Petition of several principal Inhabitants of foe Whhon'tU'^ Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented

n

si

ll

0

H

an

tin

tin

on

tk

the of No of c° rest the to pro the Sal tha 1m, the and and so ( ceiv Pay with tion surf the appi the plea ll’ri putt it a; Laiii said, conn

Ch

bva

scssi,

that

Vi

kini appo the 1 Tern

eipr(

"aim

that

cons

s7 Geo. III. 90 Martiu 531

and Claims whatever against the and that

the Traders having agreed to accept the proposed Cession, the Indians, by some of their Head Men authorized for that Purpose, at a Meeting in February 1771, formally executed the necessary Deeds; and that Sir James Wright, Governor of the Province of Georgia, in which Province the Lands so ceded were situated, and the late John Stuart, Esquire, then Superintendent of Indian Affairs for the Southern District of America, disapproved of the Conduct of the said Traders, in accepting the said Cession, as being contrary not only to His Majesty’s Instructions, but to the several Provincial Laws, which strictly prohibit private Persons from making any Purchase of Lands from Indians; and that, in consequence of such Disapprobation, the Indiatu, persisting in their Resolution of ceding the Lands in Question, and being thereby released from their Debts, offered to make the Cession to Governor Wrightfor that Purpose, and named the Day for running the Lines, but be, declining the Offer, desired they would defer their Intentions, until His Majesty's Pleasure should be known thereupon; and that the ensuing Year Sir James , being

then in England, stated the several Matters above mentioned, in a Memorial to the Earl of Hillsborough, and proposed certain Measures, by which the Cession of the said Lands, if approved by His Majesty, might be the Means, not only of answering the proposed End of the Indians and the Traders, but of bringing in a Number of valuable Settlers, to the great Advantage of the Province, and, consequently, of the Mother Country; and that the said Memorial having been referred to the Consideration of the Lords of Trade, their Lordships, in a Representation, dated the 9th of November 1772, advised His Majesty to accept of the proposed Cession, for the intended Purpose of paying the Debts due to the Traders from the Indians, by the Sale of the Lands ceded, at the same Time proposing, that the Crown should not stand pledged, either to the Indians or the Traders, for the Payment of any Part of the Debts, that the Debts should be fairly liquidated, and confined to those contracted within certain Periods, and that all Monies arising from the Sale of the Lands 80 ceded should be placed in the Hands of a Receiver, to be appointed by the Governor, and, after Payment of the Debts so to be liquidated, together with the Expences of Survey, and Means of Protection to the Persons settling the same, be subject to such Payments, upon Warrants of the Governor, for the Service of the Province, as His Majesty should approve of and direct; and that, in Consequence of the above Representation, His Majesty was graciously pleased to give conformable Instructions to Sir Janies Wright, who arrived in Georgia, for the Purpose of putting them in Execution, in March 1773; and that it appearing the Creek Indians had a Claim upon the Lands proposed to be ceded by the Cherokees as aforesaid, alledging, that their Ancestors had heretofore conquered those Lands from that Nation, that the Cherokees had acknowledged that Right of Conquest, by abandoning the Possession to them, and which Possession they had uniformly held, and it also appearing that the Creeks, being considerably indebted to their Traders, were inclinable to join in the Cession, upon being released from their Debts, a Congress was appointed to be held at Augusta with both Nations,' in the Month of May following, for finally adjusting the Terms, and formally accepting the Cession, for the express Purpose upon which it was to be made, namely, the Discharge of the Debts due from the Cherokees and Creeks, to their respective Traders; and that a Congress was accordingly held at Augusta, in May 1773,. by Sir James Wright and the late Super-intendant on the Part of the Crown, at which a very considerable Number of the Head Men of both Nar tions attended, who, after having previously delibe-Vol. 42.

rated apon the Matter between themselves, joined iri a solemn and formal Cession of the Lands in Question to His Majesty, for the sole Purpose of paying the Debts due from their respective Nations to their Traders; and the Traders, or their Attornies, did, at the same Time, release and discharge their several Debtors of both Nations from all Debts, Claims, and Demands whatever: That it must be supposed, such considerable Debts being due from the Indians to their Traders, the latter must have been proportionably indebted to the Merchants who supplied them with Goods; this, in Fact, was the Case, and the Merchants were obliged to take Assignments from those Traders of their Claims and Demands, to be liquidated m Payment of their several Demands, and to give them full Discharges for their respective Debts; and that, after the Lands had been ceded as aforesaid, Steps were taken by Sir James Wright for surveying the said Lands, selling them in distinct Allotments, for protecting the Purchasers, settling the same, and, particularly, for adjusting and liquidating the Debts claimed as owing from the within certain

fixed Periods, agreeable to His Majesty’s lastructioits, and, in consequence of these necessary Measures, a Progress was made in the Liquidation of the Debts, and Certificates of the Sums allowed were given to the Claimants, when the-Disturbances and

particularly in Georgia, prevented any further Proceedings therein, and the Petitioners were, on their own Accounts, and those of their Correspondents, in-interested in those Claims, either liquidated, or to be liquidated, to a very' considerable Amount, and without any Dependence for Reimbursement, but on the Produce of the Lands so ceded; and that, prior to the unhappy Disputes in America, several Allotments of the said ceded Lands were sold, but, as they are given to understand, that the Charge of surveying, the raising and maintaining a Troop of Rangers, and other Expences (whether necessary or not the Petitioners will not take upon themselves to determine) have amounted to more than the Sums received, no Part of the Sums due to die Petitioners, or their Correspondents, upon such of their Claims as have been settled, liquidated, and certified as aforesaid, has ever been paid; and that, in the Month of May 1780, the Petitioners having Reason to presume that some Accommodation would soon take Place with the re* volted Colonies, did, on the 3d of that Month, by a Memorial to the Marquis of Lansdown, then Earl of Shelburne, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, fully state their Situation, and the Manner in which the Lands in Question wrere bound to the Payment of the Debts for which Purpose they were ceded, and their Reliance that, in every Event of Ne-gociation which might happen, those Lands should be deemed as charged with, and made liable to, the Payment of those Debts, or that some other Mode of Payment might be adopted, to the Satisfaction of the Petitioners and the Parties interested; and that the Petitioners finding that, by the Articles of Peace concluded between the Commissioners, named by His Majesty and the United States of America, no Stipulation was made in Favour of the Petitioners, and that the Lands vested in Trust in the Crown, as before stated, were ceded to, and acknowledged to belong to, the said United States, without any Condition

whatever respecting them, did, on the 11th of February 1783, in a Memorial to the Right honourable Charles James For, then one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, briefly represent the Facts as they stood, and prayed, that, as it appeared

no Satisfaction had been obtained, or Attention

paid to their former Application, some Mode of

Payment might be adopted, or other Expedient proposed for their Relief, and that, taking die Merits of their Case into Consideration, he would be pleased to

lay

53*

9° — 12°

/I. 17 87 .

lay their humble Representation beifore His Majesty, for His gracious Pleasure thereon; and that the Definitive Treaty with the United States of America being signed, and, to the Petitioners Surprize, and great Disappointment, no Regard being paid therein to their repeated Representations, they, in the Month of May 1784, presented a Memorial to His Majesty in Council, stating the aforegoing Transactions, and praying, that, as they stood precluded from every Possibility of Satisfaction from the Produce of the Lands, His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct some Mode of Satisfaction, or other Relief, adequate to the Discharge of their respective Claims upon the said Lands; which Memorial having been referred to the Lords of the Privy Council, when, after waiting near Twelve Months in a State of the most anxious Suspense, the Lord President, and other Lords present, were pleased to advise them to apply to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Petitioners did accordingly apply to the Commissioners of the Treasury, by . a Memorial, dated April last, stating the foregoing Facts, and praying for Relief; and that, after so many Months ineffectual Application to the Lords of the Treasury, the Petitioners have now no Resource left, but to throw themselves upon the Justice, Equity, and Humanity of the House, for Redress — Should it be urged that the Application they now make ought to have been brought forward at an earlier Period, considering the Time that hath elapsed since the Conclusion of the Peace of Paris, they hope it will appear, that as they gave timely Information to His Majesty’s Ministers of the Condition on which the Lands ceded were vested in the Crown, they might have had their Claims satisfied out of the same, had it been thought expedient to make that a Stipulation when the Cession was made to the United States of; and they have also, since they found that their former Representations were not attended with that Success they had so much Reason to hope for and expect, lost no Time in making what they deemed the proper Application to obtain Redress in some other Mode, but those Applications having all failed, their only Hope is, that the House, taking the Hardships of their Case, and the singular unhappy and helpless Situation in which they stand, into Consideration, will, with their accustomed Liberality and Justice, afford them that Relief, which they,' in their great Distress, pray for, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

have agreed Crates:

to Mr. Speaker,

BiDl<W R<md The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in toe Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, toe Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of North-weald Bassett, Bobbingworth High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, and Shelley, to The Four Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence, through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton to the

Parish of Writtle, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Is/loxn-

fcr*edfd inS next» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply <fe. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, to consider further of toe Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then toe House adjourned till Monday Morn? ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 12° Martii; Anno 47* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

TiETER John Hosch took the Oaths appointed, in Hosch order to his Naturalization. sworn,

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge, at or near Gainsbo-the Ferry, over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in rough Bridge the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Bill passed. Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, was read toe Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. ll. I.27. At the End of the Line to add,

" and the Chairman at every such " Meeting, in case of a Division of " equal Numbers, shall have the " casting Vote, although he shall " have voted before."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry, over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Medows do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to Commute* inspect and consider the Returns made by the Overseers Poor of the Poor, relative to the State of the Poor, and also by the Ministers and Churchwardens, relative to Cha- i>apere, &c. ritable Donations for the Benefit of Poor Persons, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, and to report from Time to Time their Observations thereupon to the House, and how far the Directions of the said Acts have or have not been complied with, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Master presented to the House, according to Gloucester Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Woadi^f Act, of the First Year of His present Majesty, for r&- preM0 pairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hilt, and from the Foot of the said Hill to toe Top of Crickley Hill: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are P«Ution thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, House-holders, and Inhabitants, of and within the Parish of 0*€°rr$qua«, Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the Workhou* City of Westminster, and as being a Committee ap- Bill, pointed by a General Meeting of the Parishioners of the said Parish, held by Public Advertisement, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of

... toe

27 Geo. III.

the Bill for confirming the Purchase of a House situate in Little Chelsen, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Parish have, for some Time past, been much dissatisfied with the Conduct of the Select Vestry, conceiving themselves to be materially aggrieved by Expences unnecessarily incurred iu Buildings, new Purchases, and fresh Establishments, relative to the Ilegulation and Support of the Poor of the said Parish; and that, at a General Meeting of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, held by Public Advertisement, it was unanimously resolved, that the Rate assessed for the Relief of the Poor was oppressive, and that proper Measures should be taken to prevent any unnecessary Expenditure in the Money raised for the Poor of the said Parish; and that at such General Meeting a Committee of the Inhabitants was appointed, and the Petitioners compose that Committee, and, by virtue of such Appointment, have caused an Appeal to be preferred, agreeable to the Directions of an Act of the Twenty-sixth of the late King, to the General Quarter Sessions for the City and liberty of -minster, against the Accounts of the Poor of the said Parish, which Appeal will be heard before the Magistrates in Sessions assembled in the Beginning of April next, and the Purchase Money of the said House and Premisses at Little Chelsea is a material Objection in the said Appeal, the same being, in the Conception of tire Petitioners, an unnecessary and imprudent Expenditure of the Money raised for the Poor; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will not only prove an ex post facto Law, but will frustrate the judicial Proceedings of the Courts below; and, the Petitioners are satisfied that an additional Workhouse is quite unnecessary, and that the Appointment of one so remote from the Parish will prove greatly expensive, burthensome, Oppressive, and injurious, to the said Parishioners, as a new Household, with additional Masters, Agents, and Servants, of every Denomination, must be appointed, whereas, for a much less Sum than the Money laid out in the Purchase of the said Premisses, and the altering and repairing the same, the old Workhouse in Mount Street might have been made sufficiently commodious for the Reception of all the Poor of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners conceive that the said Bill is irregular, the same having l>een brought in upon the Petition of some of the Vestrymen only, without the Concurrence and joint Approbation of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, without whose Consent and Approbation no Money raised for the Poor should be expended, and that the said Bill is defective, for, if any Purchases were really necessary, the Conveyances thereof should have been to the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of the said Parish for the Time being, and not to the Rector and Churchwardens only, in their private Capacities: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, inasmuch as it tends to stay the Proceedings of an inferior Court (pendente Lite) and to indemnify Persons who have acted without Authority, and in direct Violation of the Rights and Interests of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or Counsel against the said Bill, and have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

You. 42.

533

A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent, to Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the stud County, and to Flinrwell Vent, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound aforesaid, through East Lane, and by Hope to the

Turnpike Road at Clayhdl, in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hony-wood, Mr. Marsham, ice.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chandler, was read the Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wa-therston, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons thereunder named, Inhabitants and Persons exercising Trade and Business within the Rapes of Lewes and , and the several Parishes of Southwick, Kingston by Sea, New Shoreham, Old Shoreham, Lancing, Be Bramber, Steyning, Ashhurst, Henfield, and Woodman-Coate, in the Rape of

Bramber, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the Districts aforesaid a very considerable Retail Trade is carried on, and, in the Course of such Trade, divers Persons contract Debts, many of which, although small in themselves, amount Annually to a large Sum of Money, and some of those Debtors, although well able, refuse and endeavour to avoid paying such Debts, relying on the Delay, Expence, and sometimes Impossibility of the Petitioners recovering their Dues by the Laws now in Force, to the great Loss of the Petitioners, and the Prejudice of useful Credit, all which might be remedied, if a speedy, cheap, and easy Method was established, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Districts aforesaid i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Lord George Henry Lennox, &c.: And they are to meet

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of his Grace the Archbishop of York, and the humble Petition of the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common on a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, in the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Owners and Proprietors of certain inclosed Lands, Fields, and Grounds, within the said Hamlet, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common, and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And

6 U that

12° Martii.

Kipping* Cross Roads Bill committed.

Chandler’s Nat Bill committed,

Lewes, 6cc. Small Debts Petition.

Penge Inclosure Petitio*.

554 12° MartiL . 1787.

that Mr. Brett, Sir Joseph Mawbey, and Mr. Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sandwich Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom Paving Peti- the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow*' eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Philpott, Town Clerk of Sandwich, being examined, said, That the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the said Town, are not properly repaired, paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and on Account of various Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and also on the Common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining, and on the Bridge built over the said Haven, the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, and Quay, and also the said Haven and Bridge, for Want of some Regulation in the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for' Vessels to pass through the said Bridge, are rendered very unsafe, dangerous, and incommodious; and that the effecting the above Purposes would conduce very much to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the sakl Town and Port.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, mid watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes of and in the Town of Sanduich, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Piter the Apostle, Saint Maty the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town and County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the Common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven, and to regulate the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge: And that Mr. Brett and Mr. Stephens do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others,

againstCoun* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of terfeit Coin. then)SC\ves, and others, the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying, That the House will take the Circumstances of their Petition into Consideration, and provide such Remedies for the Petitioners Relief as shall be thought most adviseable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

West Harp- Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to tree Inclosure Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cornell present- mona and Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harptree, otherwise West Harp try, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member Ordered, That Sir William be added to the

added to bring Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in Coggs ln- in> a pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of cosure 1 jjg Right honourable George Simon Eavl

Lord of the Manor of Coggs, in the County of O.ij'ord,

and Owner of a very great Part of the Lands within the Manor and Parish of Coggs aforesaid.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord- Coggs Incising to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open sure Pre* and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common sense<*' Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. , from Papers p«.

the Directors of the East India Company, attended at stnltd' re_-the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of Bengal Persian Correspondence, rela* tive to the internal State and Condition of the Province of Oude and its Dependencies, and concerning the Reigning Family thereof, from 2d January 1782 to 12th September 1786: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Court of Directors, dated 8lh /Iugust 1782, with its Inclosures, relating to the Contract with Mr. Fraser, for the Repair of Bunds, Pools, and Dykes, in the Province of Burdwan: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Revenue Letter from Bengal,

24th August 1786, received by The Ranger: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Warven Hastings,

Esquire, to the Court of Directors, dated Cheltenham,

15th August 178.5: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Sir John Macpherson,

Baronet, dated 10th August 1786, received by The Ranger: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from William Larkins, Esquire, Accountant General in Bengal, to the Chairman of the East India Company, dated 5 th August 1786.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from Accounts the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Presenttl)-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Bounties paid on Malt, the Exportation of Malt from England, from Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1786, distinguishing each Year:

And also,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Hum and Sugar into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending Su3iir-at Christmas 1786, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom Report F.a« it was referred to examine the several Lists which had been delivered , in at the Table, in pursuance of the tur*‘ Directions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Iiuiics, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

That the Committee had examined the lists uecord-- ingly;

27 Geo. III.

ingly; and had directed him to report to the House the Names of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lists; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House was moved. That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Edward Phelips, Esquire, Henry James Pye, Esquire, Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, Henry Esquire, Sir

George Augustus William Shu, Baronet, Sir John

Rous, Baronet, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, I Valter Sneyd,

Esquire, Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, Sir Richard Hill, Baronet, Richard Slater Mi Esquire, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet, Joshua Grighy, Esquire, Sir Archibald Edmonstoye, Baronet, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, William Lygon, Esquire, I-ord Viscount Grimston, Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Sir Edward Littleton, Baronet, Thomas Master, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, John Rolle, Esquire, Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, John Smyth, Esquire, Henry Thornton, Esquire, Sir John IVodchouse, Baronet, Charles Loraine Smith, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Thyntie, Charles Brandling, Esquire, Sir George Warren, Knight of the Most Honourable

Order of the Bath, the Earl of Wycombe, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, John Hamilton, Esquire, James Dawkins, Esquire, Robert Wood, Esquire,

Lord Viscount Downe, Matth Montagu, Esquire, Charles Grey, Esquire, the Right honourable Charles Greville, William Mitford, Esquire, Charles docke, Esquire, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, William Weddell, Esquire, William Wrightson, Esquire, the Honourable George CranfieldBerkeley, John Blackbume, Esquire, Sir David Carnegie, Baronet, Sir Come-

s vail. Baronet, Henry Addington, Esquire, James Adams, Esquire, John Poller fen Bastard, Esquire, Nicholas Bayly, Esquire, Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, James Martin, Esquire, Benjamin Lethicullier, Esquire, John Kynaston, Esquire.

535

Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to prevent frivolous and vexations Suits in Ecdesias-Ecclesiastical Courts, was read a Second Time. Courts

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. mUted"1*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny Bill and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the dewhole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lene ' for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, IS* die Martii;

Anno 27° Georgii III" Regis, 1787.

12° — 130 .

ftipm, Ac. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a nlaiing to Copy of a Letter from Major General Stibbert to the rL»«f in*8 Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated 22d *' tr ’ August 1778, relative to Draft and Carriage Bullocks.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Bonded or other Debts due by the Government of Bengal, on the 1st of December 1781, the Amount of Bills accepted and not paid, and of the Arrears due on the Civil and Revenue and Commercial Departments at the same Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Arrears, Civil and Military, due by the Presidencies of Bombay and Fort Saint George, on the 1st of December 1781; and also the Amount of the Bonded or other Debts due at the same Period by each Presidency.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Arrears due to the Army in Bengal and in Oude, on the 1st of December 1781; and also of the Arrears due to Colonel Muir's Detachment, to the Bengal Army acting under General Goddard in Guzze-rat, and to the Bengal Detachment serving under the Command of Colonel Pearse in The Carnatic.

Committee on Public Accounts «ki*rr#d.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty's Vo 1.. 42.

Pbayebs.

ABIL L to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Keyberry Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Bridge Roads His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the com' Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, rniUed-and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Min-chin, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee/ Glasgow to whom the Petition of the several Persons thereunto Road Peti-subscribing, Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in tion reported, the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Luggie Water, and from thence to the Town or Village of Cumbernauld and Redburn Bridge, in the Counties of Lanark and Dunbarton, or Heritors of Lands in the said Counties, adjoining to the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as

5$6 13° Martii. A. 1787.

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act, to enlarge the Term and Powers " of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King " George the Second, for repairing several Roads " leading into the City of Glasgmv, so far as the same " relates to the District of Roads from Bridge

" to Glasgow', and from Glasgow to Redburn " and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the " last mentioned District of Road," was read, whereby it appeared, that the Term and Powers of the said last mentioned Act were continued and enlarged, so far as related to the Roads therein and abovementioned; and certain Trustees were appointed, in Conjunction with the Trustees named in the said former Act, who were directed to make a Survey of the Road from Glasgow to Redburn , and to mark out

and describe a proper Line of Road, which heing approved of by a General Meeting of the Trustees, all the Clauses and Powers respecting the Road described in the said former Act were extended and made applicable to the Road so marked out and ascertained; and certain other Powers were granted to the Trustees, Then

A Member present informed your Committee, That a Survey was accordingly taken, and reported to a General Meeting of the Trustees, but owing to several Causes the said Road hath not hitherto been effectually repaired, to the great Inconvenience of the Public, to whom it would be beneficial that the said Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge should pass by or near Hogganfield Loch, and from thence by or near,

and from thence by or near Mollens and Bankheath Bridge, and from thence by or near and from

thence by or near Cumbernauld, and from thence to Redburn; and it would also be of great Benefit if the said Road were extended from Redburn to in the County of Stirling. — That for effecting these Purposes, it will be necessary that the before mentioned Acts should in Part be altered and repealed, and the Term thereby granted enlarged, and other Powers given to Trustees for more effectually making and repairing the said Road, according to the aforesaid Line of Direction.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geot'ge the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for repairing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny I Voter, in the County of Stirling: And that Sir Thomas Dundas and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Brecon A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Roud» Rill Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His

committed, present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads " in the County of Brecon," and for amending certain other Roads in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Morgan, Sir Charles Gould, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ho*ch’s Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Peter John Ilosch, was read

Bill com- a Second Time.

mitted. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Baring, Mr. Gilbert, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and cieik«nwell Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint James, at Clerk Church well, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the *>etui0"* House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Parish *

consists of Two Districts, and one called Saint James's, and the other Saint John's, and the Parishioners in both the said Districts have contributed, and are liable to pay, towards the Repairs of the Parish Church of Saint James, which is situate in that Part of the Parish called Saint James's; and that the said Church being in a very ruinous Condition, it is necessary to take down the same, and also the Tower, or Steeple, belonging thereto, and to re-build the said Church and Tower, or Steeple; and it is conceived such good Purposes may be effected in a Manner the least burthensome to the Inhabitants, by raising Money on the Sale of Annuities for Lives, and borrowing Money at Interest, on transferable Bonds: And therefore

praying, That Ixjave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable certain Trustees, to be therein named, to cause the said Church and Tower, or Steeple, to be pulled down, and to be re-built, of such Dimensions* after such Model, and of such Materials, and in such Manner and Place, as the said Trustees shall agree upon, and to enable them to purchase such Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament.?, and to make and open such Ways, Paths, and Passages, as they may think fit, and to raise such Sum and Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid by the Sale of Annuities for Lives, and at Interest on transferable Bonds, and to make, raise, and levy such Rates or Assessments as may be adequate to the paying of the Annuities and Interest, and all Expences incident to the said Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Medo~.cs reported from the Committee, to whom p3ins^. the Bill for making, maintaining, and repairing, a rough Road Road from the West End of the Bridge intended to Bill reported, be built at or near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the

Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of Saundby, Beckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hay ton, and Clarebomigh, to East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Brand) from the Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, and tl)e Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the same County, to foe Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found foe same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroseed.

Mr. Watherston reported from the Committee, to ^|[s

whom reported-

-005 ie

7 Ge6. III. 13 Mar537

whom the Bill for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chandler, wa9 committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had likewise examined James Ride Williams, Esquire, the Guardian to the said George Chandler and Maria Chandler, who informed the Committee that they are both under the Age of Eighteen Years, and have been educated in the Protestant Religion; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

petition A Petition of William Hammond, Esquire, Henry

igtiost Hull Brvadley, Esquire, and Philip Green, Esquire, Three

DocksBi . Members Df the Dock Company of Kingston

upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brother- . hood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, under their respective Common Seals, and of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and Principal Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others interested in the Trade and Shipping of the said Port (which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this Instant March)1, and Setting forth. That, notwithstanding the partial and erroneous Statement in the said Petition, and also the Foundation and Grounds of establishing the Dock Company, as a Corporate Body, in Manner as in the Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is mentioned, which arc artfully suppressed, the Petitioners apprehend, and are advised, that the Rights and Interests of the Dock Company, as a Corporate Body, given and granted to them by the said Act, which were intended to be permanent, cannot be altered or taken away in Manner as prayed by the above-mentioned Petition, without annulling the Faith of Parliament, and totally destroying the Property of the Subscribers to the Undertaking, injuring the Revenue, and entirely defeating the original Designs of the Legislature, in promoting and compleating the expensive Works of the said Company; and that the making of a Dock or Quay at the said Port of Kingston upon Hull had been in the Contemplation' of Government many Years before the Establishment of the Dock Company as a Corporate Body, and the Inhabitants of the said Town of Hull, during such Time, were adverse to the Establishment of a legal Quay, and divers Disagreements took Place, between the Commissioners of the Customs and the said Town, concerning the same, which continued from Time to Time, down to the Year 1772, owing to the irregular Manner of conducting the Business relating to the Revenues, for Want of a legal Quay, contrary to the Practice of every other Port; and that, in the Year 1772, the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs being determined to have a legal Quay at the said Port of Hull (the same being of great Importance to His Majesty’s Revenues) or at some other Place adjoining the River Humber, signified to the then Collector and Comptroller of the Customs there, that, unless the said Town of Hull would co-operate with the said Board of Customs in the Establishment of a legal. Quay, the said Commissioners would carry their Resolutions into Execution, and establish a legal Quay at sotne other Place connected with the River Humber; and that the Merchants of Gainsborough having applied for the Establishment of a legal Quay at Gainsborough, and the Memorial then presented for that Purpose being very strongly supported by Persons interested therein, in order to prevent such a Step as threatened by the said Commissioners being taken, so prejudicial to the Port of Hull, and to the Trade thereof, and to

Yol. 42.

prevent the establishing of legal Quays at any other Place adjoining the River Humber, the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Town, who had received Proposals from the Commissioners of the Customs, did, in March 1773, agree to the Proposals made to them by the said Commissioners of the Customs, as specified in and by their Report, dated the 4th of February

1773, and which w’ere communicated to the said'

Mayor and Burgesses by Josiah Esquire, and

John Mantle, Gentleman, Collector and Comptroller of the Customs there, upon the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned; and that an Agreement was accordingly entered into, between the said Commissioners and the said Mayor and Burgesses, for making a Dock and legal Quay, but nothing was done towards carrying the same into Execution, for Want of Subscribers to the Works intended to be carried on, many of the Towns People of Hull refusing to advance any Money on so hazardous an Undertaking; and that, during the Suspension of carrying the said Agreement into Execution, and the said Mayor and Burgesses finding great Difficulty in procuring Adventurers, caused Applications to be made to the Merchants and Traders in all Parts of the Kingdom, and having procured several Subscribers among the Merchants of the City of London, and others, in the Year

1774, the Mayor and Burgesses, and others, applied to this House for an Act, for the Purpose of carrying the said Agreement into Execution; and that an Act, passed in the said Year 1774, intituled, "An Act for " making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at " Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of " Commerce, in the Port of Kingston upon for " making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices,

" Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation " of Vessels using the said Port, and for appropriating " certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for " applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those Purposes, " and for establishing other Regulations within the " Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull," by which divers Powers were granted to the Dock Company, and which were duly and faithfully carried into Execution, and a Bason or Dock, as an Appendage to, and annexed to, the Haven or Harbour for the harbouring Ships or Vessels, and also a Quay or Wharf adjoining thereto, and the Dock Company were incorporated by the Name of " The Dock Company of Kingston upon Hulland that the Dock Company were allowed, by the said Act, Seven Years to complete the said Works, which were all accomplished and completely finished within Four Years from the Commencement thereof, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Customs, as will appear by the Report made by the Engineers appointed to survey a?d examine the same; and that several of the Subscribers, being alarmed at the said Undertaking, and particularly Two of the Subscribers who were, and now are, Two of the Members of the Corporation of Hull, with whom the said Agreement was made by the said Commissioners of the Customs, sold out, and disposed of their said Shares, at a Loss, and are now, notwithstanding such their former Fears and Apprehensions, Two of the Petitioners for the Extension of the said Dock, and are now attempting to deprive the Dock Company of the Rights and Privileges granted to, and vested in, them by this House as aforesaid, and which Works were undertaken at the Instance of, ' and with the Concurrence of, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the said Commissioners of His' Majesty’s Customs, and, in consequence of compleating of the said Works, His Majesty’s Revenues have been greatly increased; and that the Petitioners, having observed, by the said

6 X recited

Nottingham Road Bill committed.

Trowell Inclosure Bill committed.

Scotland — Account of Imports, &c. of Rum, presented.

Papers relating to M r. Hastings, presented.

538

13* Martii.

A. 1787.

fecited Petition, that the Application to Parliament, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented for the Extension of the said Dock, is in Part founded to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

on an Allegation, that the present Dock is not sufficient to Contain all the Ships coming to the said Port, the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that, if the said Petitioners, in the said recited Petition, had represented therein, as in Truth and Justice they ought to have done, that the Haven, or Old Harbour and Dock, or Bason, as directed by the said Act, are sufficient to contain a larger Number of Ships than were ever known to be there at one and the same Time, it -Will appear, that any additional of new Dock is totally unnecessary: And therefore praying, That the Matter of this Petition may. be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said recited Petition is referred, and that in case a Bill, pursuant in the Prayer of the said recited Petition, shall be presented to the House, that the Petitioners, on Behalf of the said Dock Company, may be heard, by

N° 1. An Account of all Remittances, in Treasure or in Bills, to WarrenHastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, from Calcutta or the Province of Oude, during his Absence from Calcutta in the Year 1781, and the Account given by him of the Expenditure of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Time of the Receipt, by the Paymaster General at Lucknow, of an Advance, by Hydes'Beg Cozen, the acting Minister of the Nabob of Oude, of Ten Lacks of Rupees, mentioned by Hastings, Esquire, in his Letter from ;the 30th

April 1784, for the Subsistence of Troops stationed in the Upper Provinces, together with an Account of the Expenditure of the same, and the Vouchers for them: And also,

N° 3. An Account of all Payments made by the acting Minister at Lucknow, from the Time of the Ar-

themselves or their Counsel, against the same, that no rival of Warren Hastings, Esquire, till the Time of his such Bill may pass into, a Law, or that the Petitioners Departure from thence, together with an Account of may receive sneb other Relief in the Premises as the 17 J!' L r~~ A J

Nature of their Case may require, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition , of the Mayor and Bur

their Expenditure, and the Vouchers ibr them: And also,

N° 4. An Account of all Advances, or voluntary Contributions, mentioned ta have been made by Almas AH Khan in the several Letters of the Governor General from Lucknow, specifying the Time in which the said

gesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Advances have been severally made, and through what Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Channels: And also,

Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, under their re- N° 5. An Account of all Sums supplied to the Prospective Common Seals, and of the Merchants, Ship sidency of Bombay and its Dependencies, by Bills from

Owners, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others, interested in the Trade and Shipping of the said Port, is referred.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Nottingham

Lucknow, drawn by Order of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, or any Officers or Residents in Oude, between January 1784 and January 1785, specifying the Dates of the Bills, the Places from whence dated, when drawn, at what Sight, and how payable: And also,

N° 6. An Account of all Sums of Money paid, from the Company’s Treasury at Lucknow, for the Use of

LStae. ‘n "" C°mt3 of Nottingham, was read a. je^peott stemmed in the Upper Previnces during the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Me-

dows, Mr. Gilbert,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and for uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. daws, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Residence of Warren Hastings, Esquire, there, in the Year 1784: And also,

N° 7. An Account of alb Sums of Money received upon the Company’s Assignments, or in Liquidation of the Nabob’s Debts, during the Residence of Warren Hastings, Esquire, at Lucknow, not including the Sums received from Hyder. Beg Cozen or Almas KMn: And also,

N° 8. Copy of all Accounts received of the Ships Betsey and Non such, and of the Success of their Voyage to Canton, in the Year 1782, when laden with Opium; of all Letters written by the Supra-Cargoes at Canton on the same Subject; of Advices from Bengal and China relative to Exportation of Opium to China, on the Company’s Account; and of Orders to Bengal on the same Subject; together with Copies of Minutes of Sir John Macpherson, Baronet, of 9th April, and nth July 1785, relative to Opium: And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Letter from Brigadier General Stibbert to the Honourable Governor General and Council, dated 22d August 1778 — omitted on Consultations,

Ap Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum into but taken from a printed Paper supposed to be printed and from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for by Mr. Croftes.

the Year ending at Christmas 1786, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at

6

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The

47 Geo. III.

13® — 14" Mar tit.

53 9

Account The House being informed that Mr. Clerk

from°Mercers of the Company of Mercers of the City of at-

Company, tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, "The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London, from the 10th of October " 1785 to the 10th of October 1786, directed to be " laid before each House of Parliament by Two Arts, " one of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wapdens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London; and the other of the Fourth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King " George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief " of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Assessments made on Aacisments all Shops, by an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present

Accounts

ordered.

1 Shops

Majesty, for One Year, ending at Michaelmas last; distinguishing how much of the said Assessments -have been made for each County, and for each City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in such County, and how much for each Market Town, not being a City, Borough,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A BHl for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Consolida-Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and tion Bill for applying the said Duties, together with the other committed‘ Duties composing the Public Revenue; and for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Severmight, the 21st Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to take into further Consideration so onsimplify-nauch of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Pub-Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January 1C CC0UD ' last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sieek took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steeh reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-

or Town Corporate, in each County, and what is the in§ ne*L resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Impress

Serrice.

Bounties to

Sedineu.

Seamen who died after impressed.

Seamen who deserted.

Protections to Seamen*

highest Sum assessed for any Shop, in such Market Towns respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of the Impress Service, during the last War; distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing the Expence at each of the Sea Ports, and the Number of Men procured Annually from each; also the Expence of transporting the Men to the Ships they were employed to man, and of maintaining them till that Time, and the Number of Officers and Seamen employed in the Impress Service, and Amount of their Pay and other Allowances.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bounties paid during the last War, in consequence of the several Proclamations for encouraging Men to enter into- His Majesty’s Sea Service; distinguishing each Year, and the Places where they entered and received the said Bounties.

Ordered \That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men who died after they were impressed, and before they were put on board the Ships in which they were intended to serve: distinguishing each Year, and the Places where they died, from the Beginning to the End of the last War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men who deserted from His Majesty’s Sea Service during the last War; distinguishing each Year, and the Ships and Stations of such Ships from which they so deserted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Protections granted to Seamen, or Seafaring Men, against being impressed, during the last War; distinguishing each Year, and the Fees paid for such Protections.

House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster have Leave to make a Motion for Motion, it being after Five of the Clock. Coi respon-

And he moved the House accordingly. j"Jj£ fro,n

And the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders sent out by the Directors of the East India Company since the Year 1784, forbidding their Servants in to correspond with their Friends at Home relative to the Affairs of the East India Company, together with Copies of all Notifications of the said Orders in India;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Veas/M;^'- }m.

Teller, for UteNoe^}*

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Martii; Anno 27* Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1787. Prayers.

British Fish- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to «ries Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, defawd. UpCn jjg to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the British Fisheries;"

Vol. 42.

AN ingrossed Bill for making, maintaining, and re- Gainsbo-pairing, a Road from the West End of the Bridge Ro*d intended to be built at or near the Ferry over the River Bl ** ’ Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the county of,

through the several Parishes of Saundby, Bcckingham,

Bote,

540

140 Martii. A. 1787.

Bole, North Whiatley, Hayton, and Clarcborough, to East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Beckingham and through the said Parish of Beckingham, and the Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the same County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing, a Road from the West End of the Bridge intended to be built at or near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of Saundby, Becking/uim, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and Clareborough, to East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Beckingham and through the said. Parish of Beckingham, and the Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the same County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Biff to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wednesbury, A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Bui com'18 enlarg*°gthe Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of mitted. His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen in Wednesbury, to the further End of DarlastonLane, next The Portway, and from thence, through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Jlosch's Nat. Mr. John Baring reported from the Committee, to Bill reported. whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter John Hosch was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Bitteswell A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands, Inclosure Meadows, and Common Right, in the Common and e 110D’ Open Fields, and Common Grounds of Bitteswell, in the County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, are subject to frequent Trespasses, and cannot, in their present Situation, be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed; and that it would be an Advantage to the several Parties interested, if the said Common and Open Fields, and Common Grounds, were inclosed and divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their Interests therein, to be enjoyed in Severalty: And therefore, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields and Common Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

0

Pawnbrokers ^r- Alderman Newnhreported from the Competition re- niittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons ported. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities

of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and hacf directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain or attempt to attain Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices: And also,

An Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and render the abovementioned Act more effectual, so far as the same related to preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; which Act was to continue in Force for One Year, and till the End of the next Session of Parliament: And also.

An Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the said last mentioned Act for One Year longer; were read:

And

Mr. Hills being examined, said, That several of the Regulations established by the Two first-mentioned Acts have been found very beneficial; and that it will be for the Convenience and Good of the Public, if the said Act of King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers, and the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, are repealed, and the necessary Powers, Provisions, and Regulations contained therein, together with such Alterations, Amendments, and Additions, as shall be deemed necessary or expedient, are comprized in One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers:

And that Mr. Alderman Newnham and Mr. Alderman Watson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Reading the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting into Ro&ds p*ti-Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth t'onrel*orte<1-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through,

in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of

Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Albans,

to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford, and also the

Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marloto Bridge, through Bisham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing. Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And.

James Payne, Esquire, Clerk of the General Meetings of the Trustees, being examined, said, That a great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, and a large Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the said Act; that the Money so due and owing

cannot

27 Geo. III. 140 Martii. 541

cannot be paid, nor can the said Roads be completely That the said Accounts do lie upon

amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from Reacting, in the County of , through Herdey, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and in the County of Bucks, and Watford, and

Saint Alban's, to Hatfeld, in the County of Hertford, and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Gi'eat Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading: And that

Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Plumer, and Mr. Call, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Malt export- Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; eii, presented, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of all Malt exported from Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1786; distinguishing the Quantity of each Year, and the Ports from which and to which such Malt was exported; also, the Quantity of Malt exported from Midsummer 1786 to the 20th of February 1787.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George Chandler Chandler'* and Maria Chandler, was read the Third Time. Nat- Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the passe ’ Title be. An Act for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chandler.

Ordered, That Mr. Watherston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, A01 relating intituled, "An Act for making perpetual so much of " an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of C’or " Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several " Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building " and repairing County Gaols; and also, an Act " of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of " King William the Third, for the more effectual " Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of " King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and " better Government of His Majesty’s Ships of War " and Forces by Sea," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as gives a discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction: And that Mr. Vansittart and Mr. Pye do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Account* from Chamberlain's Oface, presented.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Chaldrons of Coals iin- Coals import-ported into the Port of London, from the 31 st Day of order*:<i'

December 1785 to the 1st Day of January 1787, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing such Duties per Chaldron under the Heads of the several Acts of

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City Parliament by which such Duties were imposed, of London, on the 5th of July 1786: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London on Account of

watching, lighting, cleansing, and repairing Blackfriars

Bridge, &c. from the 29th of September 1785, exclusive, to the 29th of September 1786, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moor-Jidds, opposite Chisuell Street, towards the East, in Bishopsgate Street, &c. from the 29th September 1785, exclusive, to the 29th September 1786, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and 1 Commons of the said City to purchase the present Tolls and Duties for navigating upon the River Thames, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, from the 29th September 1785, exclusive, to the 29th September 1786, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City and Liberties thereof, &c. from the 29th September 1785, exclusive, to the 29th September 1786, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Vol. 42.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the American last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Trade Act to " further continuing, for a limited Time an Act, be c°nsl(JeieJ " made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of omnut' " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from " Ships belonging to the United States of America-,

" and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time,

" certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said " United States; and for further continuing, for a " limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for " giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the " Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the " British Colonies and Plantations in America, with " respect to certain Articles therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered. Committee.

6 Y Mr.

reported.

54*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in

14® — 15®

A. 1787.

Jovis, 15* die Martii;

Anno 270 Georgii III,a Regis, 1787,

Bill ordered.

Prater*.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Burgesses, and BrittoiPolice

Commonalty Of the City 01 Bristol, under their Petition.

n.„ , -a, a. . , - _ . „ Common Seal, was presented to the House, and

a BB for further cootouing and more effectually an- d Seld forth by Mvena AcB of p„|ia.

and AcB of the Twenty- of lt» Etet’enth and, Twelfth Years of King

third and Twenty.fourth Years of the Reign of His pjttmtot Third, the Twenty-second of King George

presem Majesty. . the Second, and Sixth of His present Majesty, the

And Mr. ^.^edtte House accordingly. p<)wer >m, Manner £ pavin. Vising,

e °r£^’ 8,ven °(r ntl8 ln a 1 and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other

for further continuing and more effectually enforc- blic6PU withtaH City, and of new mak-

ing the Provisions of foe sold Acts of foe Twenty- f r airi cleansing and scouring foe third and Twenty-fourth Yrors of foe Reren of p G"b *f)lai„! tterelnf are

S/"„ pr<!¥,/; A"d ,thlt Mr- ?"d Mr- vested partly in the Mayor and Justices of the said

WtUum Wyndkm GremtUe do prepare, and bring in, Cj in 6hurch„atde Overseers of the same.

Waterford Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Postage Bill a Bill for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance presented. of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the

the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, of the several Parishes and Precincts within the same, and are so vested and exercised by the said several Persons separately and distinctly, under different Authorities,

v JTTrlrV rT1 7rT7k w whereby, the Petitioners conceive, several of the "t"? £'"g Way good Intention, of foe said Act, cannot be so effec-

° ,r*! 8ame reCe,ed; "d My amwered as foey might be if foe said several

Mr. Baugh to attend Committee.

read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Baugh do, Tomorrow

Powers were consolidated, and the Persons intrusted therewith appointed in and by one and the same Commission; and that, by those Acts, the Expence of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Squares,

Morning, attend the Committee of foe whole House SuS T^nes eS o?

In mhrv»v* .1 in rAlnm>n/i Ia /tnnoirion TnfTnor AT Tno DOtrora ' _ ' f

P.pers

to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-

new

making, altering, repairing, cleansing, and scouring the said Common Sewers, Gouts, and Drains, is partly on the Owners of Houses and Lands adjoining thereto, and partly on the Inhabitants at large of the said several Parishes and Precincts, a Burthen attended with many Hardships and great Injustice, and

relating f pies of the Persian Correspondence between the Nabob " L ZZ ;n" nftTth.Tr3

Ur.ltoiiup Furruckabadaed foe Governor General of Bengal,».* P?ct,<? " most other. T«!* "d

ordered

‘f7 V-raV TT r%e Places, and that, by the Laws now in being, the

¥ajor end Justices/aud foe Mayor, Aldermen* -1

Resident at Furruckabad, and the Government of Ben-

gal, since that Period.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply

deferred*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated the 16th of October 1781; and from John Macpherson, Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated in April 1783-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Minutes of Warren Hastings, Esquire, and John Macpherson, Esquire, in the Revenue Department, relative to the Increase of the Revenues, dated in November 1782.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Common Council of the said City, respectively, are invested with Power and Authority to punish Nuisances and Annoyances, of several Sorts and Descriptions, committed in the Rivers Avon, and

Severn, and the Creeks or Havens of the said Rivers Avon and Froome, within certain Boundaries and Limits therein mentioned, and upon the Banks thereof, and upon the Wharfs, Backs, Quays, Streets, and public Places, within the said City, and from Time to Time to make Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, and appoint Officers for the Preservation of the said Rivers, and Regulation and Government of all Pilots and Masters of Ships and other Vessels navigating to and from the said City, and of all Ships and Vessels lying within the said Rivers Avon and and the said Creeks and Harbours, and also to erect

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- "u,u,.c sa‘u T p,

ing next, resolve itself into . Commute of fire whole " W* t?fficer?' "d Rul«;

House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for 2rdere- "d Corodtuuous, for foe Regulation and

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Government of a 1 and every the Markets held and to

Relived, That This House will, ujmnFriday Mom- ,held’ »*" »,d City, and likewise to make ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Rules »"d Orders for governing and regulating foe House, to consider further of foe Supply gtanted to Owhere and Drivers of Hack.*, Coaches, Halliers,

... _ rr - O Ann nthpr KPrQnnQ limnrr I arriuttpc within frhp aairf

His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

and other Persons using Carriages within the said City; and that, in the said several Acts of Parliament, there are Clauses and Provisions to prevent Damage and Prejudice to the said Rivers, and for preventing and removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, of several Descriptions, and to punish divers Offences within the City, and likewise for preventing the Carriage of excessive Weights, for regulating Wheel Carriages, and limiting the Number of Horses drawing the same upon the Streets and other public Ways of the City; and, in the same Acts,

r

t

1

a

P

tii

P

la

P

su

Pi

th

de

id

P.

PC

a

sa;

mi

an

an

Pc

Bu

S*

ant

up'

pu

pre

At

Sti

tht

C<

un

aui

Bu

sail sait Pu: Ra laic pro Wt Lai ver. son exti to for Prii

t»n

Go\

also jve cl t

Boa:

Win

of.'

Site

the

Krc

deri

it i*

font

and

said

luce

7 Geo. III. 15 ° Marti 543

-Acts, there are likewise Clauses and Provisions for and Appurtenances, as well by virtue of the Power,

preventing Bodily Injury to Passengers on the Streets Ordinary, and Episcopal, as of an Act of Parliament,

and other public Places, by the falling of old and made in the Seventeenth Year of King Charles the

ruinous Houses and Buildings, and for regulating Second, for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns

the building, re-building, new-fronting, and repair- Corporate, ordered, decreed, and declared to be united

ing of Houses and other Buildings within the said and consolidated to, and in, the Parish of Christ

City; and that, by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Chuotherwise Holy within the said City

His present Majesty, the Petitioners, or their Assigns, of Bristol, to all Effects in Law whatever, and that

are authorized to widen, enlarge, and render more the same be held, and in all future Times presented

convenient, several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and to, held, and enjoyed as one Rectory and Ecclesi-

Places, and also to design, make, open, and lay out, astical Benefice, and that Divine Service and Sermons

several new Streets, Lanes, and Passages therein par-. shall, in future, be had and celebrated in the said

ticularly mentioned, and, in pursuance thereof, the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise Holy

Petitioners, and their Assigns, have widened and en- Trinity, only, and that the Parishioners and Inhabi-

lorged several of such Streets, Lanes, Passages, and tants of the said Parish of Saint Ewen, otherwise

Places, and likewise opened and laid out several of Saint Owen, shall have free Liberty to resort to, and

such new Streets, and the rest of such Streets, Lanes, have the free Use of, the Parish Church of Christ

Passages, and Places still remain to be executed; and Church, otherwise Holy Trinity aforesaid, at the Times

that many of the said Powers and Provisions are very of Divine Service therein, and that the said Church

defective, and by no Means answer the Purposes for of Christ Church, otherwise Holy Trinity, shall be the

which they were intended, and further and other sole Parish Church of both the said Parishes; and

Powers are necessary for accomplishing those Pur- that, for the Purpose of enlarging the Guildhall of the

poses, and for extending the same, and it would he said City, and erecting and providing Public Offices

a. great Convenience if Powers were given to the and other Requisites adjoining thereto, it is necessary

said Commissioners to widen, enlarge, and render that Power should be given to the Petitioners to

more commodious, any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, purchase and take down certain Houses and Buildings

and Passages within the said City, and near thereto, in the said Street called Broad , near the said

and to make and open new Streets, and for those Guildhall; and that the present Laws for establish-

Purposes to purchase and take down such Houses and ing a Court of Conscience within the said City, and

Buildings as shall be necessary, and likewise to order for regulating the same, want Amendment and Alter-

Steps, Bulks, Bow Windows, and other Projections ations; and that it would be of public Utility if

and Encroachments from Houses and Buildings, the Powers of executing the legal Process of Justice,

upon, or hanging over, any of the said Streets or originating within the said City, were to be extended

public Places, to be removed, and to remove and to certain Places adjoining to the same; and that,

prevent certain other Nuisances, Obstructions, and to prevent the Trouble, Expence, and Delay of raising

Annoyances, and otherwise to regulate the Squares, a l;und for a County Stock within the said City, as

Streets, Lanes, and public Passages and Places within directed by the Acts of Parliament now in Force, it

the City; and that it would likewise be of great would be proper that the Justice* of the Peace, in

Convenience if Bodies Corporate, and all Persons Sessions, should be impowered to add to the Money

under any legal Incapacity within the said City, were Annually certified to them, by virtue of the Laws now

authorized to transfer, in Fee, any of their Houses, in being, to be necessary for the Care and Maintenance

Buildings, or Lands, from one to another, or to the of the Poor of the said City, a sufficient Sum of

said Commissioners, for any public Purpose of the Money for the Purpose of a County Stock, to be

said City; and that it would be very beneficial to the assessed and collected Annually with the Poor Rate,

Public if the Sale and Delivery of Hay, Straw, Coal, and applied and accounted for by the Chamberlain of Raw Hides, and Skins, within the said City, were the said City, as Treasurer of such County Stock; and laid under certain Regulations, and if there were that several other Regulations and Alterations of the proper Provisions for inspecting and trying of Laws in being are necessary for more perfectly ma-Weights and Measures, and if the Provisions of the naging and enforcing the Police of the said City: And Laws now in being respecting the Owners and Dri- therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in vers of Hackney Coaches, Halliers, and other Per- a Bill, or Bills, for the Purposes aforesaid, or such of sons driving or using Carriages within the City, were them, and under such Regulations, as to the House extended to certain Distances from the said City, and shall seem meet.

to Chairmen and Porters, and if Powers were given Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the for ascertaining their Fares and Rates, and also the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Prices and Rates of Carriage within the said City, mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it and certain Distances therefrom, and likewise for set- shall appear to them, to the House: tling the Fees of Officers appointed for the Preserva- And it is referred to Mr. Brickdale, Mr. tion of the said Rivers, and for the Regulation and See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Government of the said Markets respectively, and Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and also the Rates for Pilots, and if other Powers were have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Rc-given for the complete Management and Regulation cords, of the said Rivers and Port, and of all Ships, Lighters,

Boats, and Vessels resorting to, and abiding and The House being informed that the Bill for ex- ComRegu. being within the same; and that the Parish Church plaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, ktwn B,h of Saint Ewen, otherwise Saint Owen, is situate in a an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign a^"’ Street called Broad Street, within the said City, and of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for fur- ordered, the public Way or Passage there is very narrow, dan- " ther regulating and ascertaining the Importation gerous, and inconvenient, and, for widening and ren- " and Exportation of Corn and Grain within sevc-dering more commodious the said Way or Passage, " ral Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for 1 it is necessary that the said Parish Church, with its extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all

; Appunenances, and several Houses and Buildings Places within that Part, of Great Britain called

» contiguous and near thereto, should be taken down land, which was, upon Friday last, read a Second

t and removed; and that the Rectory belonging to the Time, and committed, contains Provisions not autho-

\ said Church became void by the Death of the last rized by the Order for preparing and bringing in the

\ Incumbent, and is, with all its Rights, Members, same;

\ ' Vol. 42. Ordered,

544 15° Martii. A. 1787.

Ordered, That the Order for committing the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Baker’s Com- A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants

p«iy Peti- of the Company of Bakers, of the City of London, was ,on‘ presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

the Petitioners, with their Brethren of the Commonalty, are an ancient Corporation, instituted by Royal Charter, for the Purposes of supervising and teaching, by Ap-. prenticeships, and according to the Custom of the City of London, the Art and Trade of making and baking Bread for public Sale, and for regulating the Makers and Sellers thereof, within the City and Liberties of London, and certain Districts adjoining thereto; and that, by the late Extension of the Streets and Buildings of the said Metropolis, and by some Alterations in the Trade itself, Doubts have arisen whether the Powers and Provisions contained in their Charters, and their Bye Laws founded thereon, are now adequate to the Occasions of the Trade, or compatible with certain Regulations contained in an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of " Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof,

" and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal,

" Flour, or BreadAnd therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Powers and Limits of the Petitioners Jurisdiction, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Charters and Bye Laws of the said Company, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr. Alderman Saxbridge, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earns and Mr. have agreed Montagu: to Mr. Speaker,

Wrotham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Heath Road Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Fifth Bill. Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

Graff's Nat. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill. Act for naturalizing Daniel Graff; without any Amend-

ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

louder Road Mr. George Douglas reported from the Committee Petition re- to whom the Petition of the several Persons thereunto ported. subscribing, Owners of Lands adjoining or near to the Road thereunder mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from " the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and " through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the " Marchburn," was read; whereby it appeared, That certain Trustees were appointed for carrying the said Act into Execution.

Then a Member present informed your Committee,

That the said Trustees have, in making and repairing the said Road, incurred a Debt of £. 3,900 Sterling, which was borrowed upon the- Personal Credit of the said Trustees, and, together with the Produce of the Tolls, has been expended in the Execution of the said Act — That the said Money cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually made and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn: And that Mr. George Douglas and Sir Robert Lawrie do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter John Hosch, Hosch’s Nat. was read the Third Time. Bill passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Peter John Hosch.

Ordered, That Mr. John Baring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac- Petition turers, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- ®gau»tCoun-scribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, the Mer- terfeit enchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, within the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying, That the House will take the Circumstances of their Petition into Consideration, and provide such Remedies for the Relief of the Petitioners, and the Benefit of the Public, as shall be thought most adviseable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to Hatfield whom the Petition of several of the Participants of the Chace Drain-Level of Hatfield Chace, in the Counties of York, aSe Petdltion Lincoln, and Nottingham, on Behalf of themselves and reporte the rest of the said Participants, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Talkie: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Samuel Foster, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That, in Consequence of Powers from Time to Time granted to the Commissioners of Sewers for the I-evel of Hatjicld Chace, and Parts adjacent, the Lands and Grounds situate within the same have been very considerably improved; but that there are not at present Powers sufficient for effectually draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, which might be better effected if the said Commissioners were sufficiently impowered to enlarge the present Outfall, Sluice, or Clough, upon a certain Drain or River within the said Level, called The South River, at the Junction thereof with the River Trent, and

also

4 j Geo. lit.

15° Ma

545

also to make a new Cut or Drain from the said South Hirer, at the Distance of about 120 Chains from the said Sluice or Clough, to communicate with a certain River in the said Level, called The River , at

the Distance of about Two Chains above the great Bend or Elbow in the said River, West of, and near to Hirst Hall, in the Parish of Belton; and also a new Cut or Drain from the Second Bend or Elbow in the said River Tome, below a Place called Ross Bridge, to communicate with a certain Drain within the said Level, called The New Idle, at or near the Stop Gate at Tunnel Pit; and also to scour, cleanse, deepen, widen, and alter the Course of the said River Tome and South River, and to repair the Banks thereof at such Places, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any Six or more of them, shall judge necessary or proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and also to make a new additional Sluice in the Bank of the said River Trent, in the Parish of Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, upon a certain Drain called Keadby New River or Drain.

And the Witness added. That the doing of the said several Works will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds liable to be overflowed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and

" Brook and Ocher Hill, and several other Roads, in the County of Stafford;" and of several of the Persons w ho have lent Money on the Credit of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2,5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. *>

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Henry Whately being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in repairing the Roads within the Tw o First Districts comprized in the said Act; and that the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof amended and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging tire Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Corner to Walsall and Wednesb and to Leigh Brook

Nottingham: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilber- and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads, in the County force, and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the of ,so far as the same relates to the Two first

same.

Wanstead Church Peti-t»n.

A Petition of several of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Wanstcad, in the County of on Behalf of

themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said

Districts of Road therein comprized: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. , from Papers rela-

Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting the Directors of the East India Company, attended at ting to Mr. forth, That the Parish Church of IVanstcad is greatly the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented decayed, and not sufficiently large and convenient for to the House, pursuant to their Orders, "r

the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine K* l. An Account of the Pay and Arrears due to

Worship, and it is necessary the same should be re- the Regiments stationed in the Upper Provinces, from paired and enlarged, or re-built; and that the Rectory the 1st of January 1784 to the Time Warren,

House of the said Parish is inconveniently situated, Esquire, quitted Lucknow: And also, '

and not a proper Habitation for the Rector, but that N° 2. An Account of the Sums charged for Durbar a more proper House might be provided for him, if Charges by Hastings, Esquire, during his

Power was given to exchange the present Rectory Residence in the Upper Provinces in the YeaT 1784,

House: And therefore praying, That Leave may he together with the Particulars thereof: And also,

given to bring in a Bill for repairing and enlarging, N° 3. An Account of all Sums of Money which or re-building the said Parish Church, and for ex- have been received at Calcutta as a Remittance from, changing the present Rectory House of the said Parish, or by the Order, or under the Authority of, Warren by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as Hastings, Esquire, from Lucknow, from his Arrival at the House shall think proper. the City of Lucknow to the Time of his leaving the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the same, and what Part of the Sums so received hath Consideration of a Committee: And that they do been in Cash, and what Part in Bills, on what Ac-examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it count the same was remitted, through what Channels, shall appear to them, to the House: the Sight at which the said several Bills were drawn,

And it is referred to Sir James I^ong, Mr. Bramston, the Time when paid, and in what Manner: And &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at also,

"Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have 4. An Account of any Arrear on the due Pay-

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. ment of his Instalments, incurred by Almds Ali,

x on or before the 30th Day of , 1784* And

A Petition of John Jacob Hcrlel, was presented to also, the* House, and read; Praying, That Leave may he N° 5. Return to the Order of the House, dated 7th given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. March 1787, relative to the Debt due to Gopaul Doss:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, And also, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And N° 6. Copies of all Minutes and Proceedings held that Sir James Pamyman and Mr. Henry Thornton do in , and Letters from the Governor General and prepare, and bring in, the same. Council of Bengal to the Court of Directors of the'

East India Company, and from the CouTt of Directors Mr. GUbert reported from the Committee, to whom to the Governor General and Council, relating to the the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are following Subjects: Bullock Contract of Mr. Croftes thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an — Mr. Templers Elephant Contract — Marine Contract Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pre- — Mr. Beilis Contract and Agency — S\r John Day's sent Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act Allowances — and the Surgeon General’s Contract.

" for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Together with a List $f the said Accounts and u Comer to FEaAaU and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Papers,

6Z A»4

HnleVsNat.

PtUUon.

Walsall Road

f ttition it.

porttd.

r.i

Callicoe Printers, kc. Petition.

Accounts, &c. relating to Mr. Hastings to be printed.

Account, &c. from African Company, presented.

British Fisheries Bill deferred.

150 Martii. 1787.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Calicoe Printers, Artists, Designers of Drawings, Engravers, and other Proprietors of original Patterns for printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others have, with great Industry and Expence, severally invented, designed, or engraved, divers Sets of new and original Patterns for printing Linens, Callicoes, and Muslins, in Hopes to have reaped the Benefit of such their own Labours, and the Credit thereof; but divers Callicoe Printers, and other Persons, to save themselves the Expence of original Designs, have of late too frequently taken the Liberty of copying, printing, and publishing, great Quantities of base and mean Copies and Imitations thereof, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners and other Artists, and to the Discouragement of the said Arts and Manufacture: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing such Frauds and Abuses for the future, and for securing the Properties of the Petitioners for a limited Time, in the same Manner, as the Laws now in being have preserved the Properties of Authors of Books, and the Inventors and Engravers of Historical and other Prints, or in such other Manner as by the House shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts and Papers, which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Rutherfoord, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at tl»e Door; he was called in; and, at the liar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1785 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper TitleAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1785 — Orders and Regulations And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1785 — Cursitor Baron’s Re- port."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the "Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual

" Encouragement of the British Fisheries," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge presented to the House, Insolvent according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors Bill Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain presente<)-Cases: And the same was received; and read the First Tirtie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer of the Duties on Canvas and Lawns, granted by an Act canvas 4c. of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, from the Commencement of the Duty to the 5th day of January 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Coinage Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer of Duty on the Coinage Duty on Wines for Ten Years, ending "ines-the 5th Day of January 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Amount of Account of the Amount of the Public Debts at the Public Debts. Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, with Annuity and Management payable for the same, upon the 5th Day of January 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties for Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the 5th r’a>,inent01 January 1782 to the 5th January 1787, of the several ^-"^'1785. Duties for Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1758>

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the 5th January 1782 to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties for Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1778-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the 5th January 1782 to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for the Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1779.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the 5th January 1782 to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for the Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1780.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the Commencement to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for Payment of Annuites raised in the Year 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the Commencement of the same respectively to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1783.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the Commencement of the same respectively to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for the Payment of Annuities raised in the Years 1784 and

1785-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, instruction who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, r*3Pectl£S pursuant to the Resolution, which, upon the 6th Day ay

of this Instant March, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill to indemnify Deputy Lieu*-4 tenants

27 Geo. III.

150 — 16° M

547

Militia Pay Bill presented.

Committee on Charge against Mr. Hastings.

tenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this. Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

fraying the Expence of maintaining such Poor Persons as have been kept in the said House at Chelsea,

and as may hereafter be thought proper to be kept therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jervoise, Sir George Howard,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Corn Re-Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering ,ation Hill more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year Presented-of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Injportation and Exportation of Com and Grain within " several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

and inclosing

the Commons and Wwt IIarp_ WestHarptree, tree Inclo-

Veneris, 16* die Martii; Anno 27* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1787.

A Bill for dividing Waste Lands within the Parish of

otherw ise West Harptry, in the County of Somerset, was »«i e Bill read a Second Time. commute*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

General Rainsford,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Gloucester Act, of the First Year of His present Majesty, for re- Roads Bill pairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the committed.. Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said

Hill to the Top of CrickleyHill, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master,

Mr. Call, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Coggs Inclo-Common Fields, Common Meadow s, Common Pas- sure bill tures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable comm‘nc^' Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the

George, Hanover Square, Workhouse Petition,

Prater 8. County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

PETITION of several Noblemen, being Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint George, Hano~ Charles Spencer, Sir William , See. And they

itnfKirt T u at ilta I 'if, /af Hr a„ A fi.____ T7* i.L. f'I t

A

oer Square, within the Liberty of tire City of ster, and the humble Petition of several other Vestrymen of the said Parish, assembled in Vestry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish have, of late Years, so greatly

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charles Robinson reported from the Committee, jfar?ate to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the T Own Pier, &c. increased, that the present Workhouse within the said of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Petition r#. Parish became too small for receiving, employing, and the Isleofl'hanet, in the County of Kent, whose Names PorleJ-lodging all the poor Persons who have become are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Com-~ ' ’ mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition;

chargeable to the Parish, and, on that Account, several Persons have been removed out of the said "Workhouse, and are now maintained in a House situate in Little Chelsea; and that it would tend to the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, and to the Health of the Poor, if a proper House or Place, situate within the said Parish, or in some Parish or Place adjoining or near thereto, was provided, to be used as an additional W orkhouse for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for providing a proper House or Place, either within the said Parish, or in some Parish or Place adjoining or near thereto, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the said Parish, and for de-Vo t. 42.

and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wa3 read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Peirce being examined, said, That the Town of Margate hath, for Time immemorial, had a Pier and Harbour, very convenient for the exporting and importing of Corn and other Merchandize, and for the Preservation of Shipping; and that the Safety of the Town very much depends upon the Maintenance of the said Pier, which in its present State requires either an immediate and thorough Repair of the present Pier Head, which from the Nature of its

Construction

540 16° Martii. . 1787*

Construction (being Timber-built) would be liable to frequent Accidents and Expences, or the Erection of a new Stone Head; and that it is conceived the latter, although attended with a greater Expence in the First Instance, will be the most eligible.

Then an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to enable the Pier Wardens of the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent, more effectually to recover the ancient and accustomed Droits, for the " Support and Maintenance of the said Pier," was read: And,

The Witness informed your Committee, That the said Act does not contain Powers sufficient for ascertaining and recovering the Harbour Droits.

And he further said, That the Town of Margate, by Reason of the great Resort of Persons for the Benefit of Sea Bathing, hath of late Years very much increased in the Extent of Buildings and Number of Inhabitants, and that the Trade thereof hath proportionally increased; by Means whereof the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, which are very ill-paved and incommodious, are frequently very difficult of Passage; and that it would be very convenient to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Support and Maintenance of the Pier of Margate, in the County of Kent; for building a new Stone Pier; and, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town, and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Charles Robinson, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Hollywood, and Mr. Parry, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

St. James, A Petition of the Rector and Churchwardens of the W^tminster, parjsh of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Ground Peti- Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the

tion. Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the great Increase of Inhabitants within the said Parish, the present Cemetery or Burial Ground is much too small, and it is become necessary that another Piece of Ground should be provided for that Purpose; and that there is. within the Parish of Paddington, in the said County, a certain Field, or Piece of Ground, called The Mead, belonging to Sir John Morshead, Baronet, and Robert Th Esquire, and their Heirs, which is holden for Three Lives, by Lease from the Bishop of London, and the same being in a convenient Situation for a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish of Saint James, the Petitioners have applied to the said Sir John Morshead and Robert Thistlethwayte, for the Purchase of their Life Estate and Interests in so much thereof as shall be necessary for that Purpose; and the Petitioners are desirous that a full Compensation, by Annual Rents or otherwise, should be secured to the other Persons in Remainder, who are, or shall be, interested in the said Field, or Piece of Ground, for their respective Rights or Interests in such Part thereof as may be purchased and used for the Purpose aforesaid, and also to the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being; and that the Purchase of such Ground as aforesaid, and making Use of the same for a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish of Saint James, will be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do 6

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Freeman, the Lord Hood,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to Burford whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of Roads the Twenty-e(|hth Year of his late Majesty, so far as rePorted-the same relates to the Roads from The Hand and at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook, and from The Cross Hands on Sal/'ord Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish of JVithington, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Thomas Beach, Nash, George Attnrni««f

Rhodes, and William Windale, the Four Attornies of l-ord Mayor* the Lord Mayor’s Court of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, the Petitioners are charged with a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence, for a Retainer on every Action entered, and every Bail filed, in the said Court, over and above all former Duties payable thereon, which Duties they are, by the said Act, restrained from charging to their Clients; and that the Petitioners Charge for every Action is no more than Five Shillings and Four Pence, whereout they pay Duty, by former Acts of Parliament, Two Shillings and Six Pence, and the Duty imposed by this Act, Two Shillings and Six Penc^, which leaves a Profit of only Four Pence; and that the Petitioners are entitled to charge, for every Appearance and Common Bail, Six Shillings only, and they pay to the Clerk of the Bails, for every Common Bail, Three Shillings and Six Pence, and the new Duty being Two Shillings and Six Pence, the Petitioners receive no Profit whatsoever from the Appearance and Bail; and that the Causes in the said Court, in which further Proceedings are had, are very few, in Proportion to the Number of Actions and Appearances entered, and the Petitioners being obliged to be admitted Attornies of the Superior Courts, are subject to the Payment of all other Duties imposed on them by the said Act, and are admitted in the Lord Mayor's Court by Purchase for a very large Consideration: And therefore praying, That so much of the said Act as respects the Duties thereby imposed on the Practisers in the said Lord Mayor’s Court, may be repealed, or such other Relief granted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alderman Ncunham presented to the House, Pawnbrokers’

accordin'! Hl11 P,re*

0 seulea.

27 Geo. IN.

l6° Martii.

549

flint Canal Petition.

according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Trade and sequence whereof the said Lands and Grounds have Business of Pawnbrokers: And the same was received; been very considerably improved, but the Petitioners and read the First Time. apprehend the said Lands and Grounds might be bet-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ter and more effectually drained and improved, if the said Commissioners of Setters were impowered to erect A Petition of Thomas JVitliams and John Haues, a new Sluice upon the River in the said

Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and others, Pro- Parish of Mister ton, near to, and on the South Side prietors ot Copper and Brass Works, in the County of of, the present Sluice, on the said River, within the Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting said Parish, and also to make Drains in and through the forth, That great and extensive Manufactories of said Lands and Grounds to communicate with the said Lead, Calamine and Cotton, as well as of Copper River: And therefore praying, That Provision may and Brass, are carried on at Greenfield and Holywell, be made in the said Bill for erecting such new and other Places in that Neighbourhood, in the said Sluice as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such County of Flint: and that the Sea flows within a short Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think Distance of the said Manufactories, but, by Reason of proper.

the Shallowness of the Water on that Coast, the Peti- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the tioners and others are put to great Expence and Dif- Table.

Acuities in loading and unloading Sea Vessels with

Goods to and from their Works; and that there is Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom Trecastle good and safe Anchorage, with Depth of Water for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders HoadPetiiioa Vessels of considerable Burthen, at a Place called of the County of Carmarthen, and also of the several *

Penlre Rock, near the Town of Flint, and, by a Survey Trustees and Creditors of the several Turnpike Roads lately taken, it appears, that a Navigable Cut or in the said County, was referred; That the Commit-Canal, for the Navigation of'Boats, Barges, and other tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition;

Vessels, may be made from Pentre Rock to Grccnjkld, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared in the Parish of Holywell aforesaid, which will open to them, to the House; and he read the Report in an easy Communication to the said Manufactories, as his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s well as to several valuable Coal Mines that lie in the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Neighbourhood of Greenfield, and other Places in the viz.

said County of Flint; and that the Petitioners, and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an the other Proprietors of the said Manufactories, would Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of derive great Advantages from the said Undertaking, His present Majesty, for repairing and widening seas, by Means of such Cut or Canal, the present De- veral Roads in the County of Brecon, was read; where* lays and Difficulties of landing and shipping their by it appears, That the High Road leading from Goods might be obviated, the Price of Carriage 'Trecastle to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, would be considerably lowered, and other great Ad- leading to Tal y Sam, is one of the Roads mentioned , vantages would ' be derived to all that Part of the in and directed to be repaired by the said Act.

Country, and to the Public in general: And therefore Then

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Admiral William Lloyd being examined, said, That for making and maintaining such Navigable Cut or the before mentioned Piece of Road communicates Canal, with proper and necessary Towing Paths, and with other lloads directed to be repaired by an Act, other Works, in such Manner, and under such Lirni- passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His tations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keep-meet. ing in Repair the Roads leading from

Ordered, That tire said Petition be referred to the in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llan-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- do and from thence through the Town of -mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it gadock to the River Amman, and several other Roads shall appear to them, to the House: in the said County communicating the rewith, and also

And it is referred to Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Min- with other Roads directed to be repaired by an Act, chin,&c.: And they are to meet upon JHorulay Morning passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Records. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Petition for A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the County of -

Provision in Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes, and for repairing, amending, and keeping ia

CWeD Townships, or Places of Misterton, Gringlcy, otherwise Repair several other Roads within the said County:

Greenlay, Missen, Everton, Austerfield and Baxvtry, and that the several Roads mentioned irt the said

within tire Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, Three before mentioned Acts form a complete Com-on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners and munication between the County of Brecon and the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said County of Carmarthen — That the Roads directed to Parishes, Townships, and Places, was presented to be repaired by the Two last mentioned Acts have the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- been put into, and now are in, good Repair — That litioners find Application hath been made to the the Trustees of the first mentioned Act having ne-House, by several of the Participants of the Level of glected to put the said Road leading from Trecastle Hatfield Chace, within the said Counties, for Leave to to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, leading bring in a Bill for better draining and preserving the to Tal y Sarn, into Repair, and the same being said Level, and Parts adjacent, which said Level impassable for Carriages, the Witness applied to the adjoins to the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, Trustees, in order to empower him to contract for the and others, before mentioned; and that the Lands Repair thereof, by which Means the Communication and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, within the between the Two Counties would be completed; sa.d several Pmisbes, Townships, and Places, being that in pursuance of such Application to the said heretofore subject to be Overflowed, several Powers Trustees an Order was made for that Purpose, which were, from Time to Time, granted to the Commis- Order was by a subsequent Order rescinded, and the sioners of Sewers for the said Ixvei, and Parts adja- said Piece of Road still remains unrepaired, and is at cent, for draining and preserving the same, in Con- present in such a ruinous Condition as to be hn-

Yol. 4c2.

passable

5So i 6° Martii.A. 1787.

passable for -Carriages — That, trusting to the Intention of repairing the said Piece of Road, the said Two last mentioned Acts were applied for, and obtained, as thereby a good and safe Road of Communication would be had between the said Counties, which Purposes cannot be completed by Reason of the Neglect of the repairing the said Road. — And the Witness added, That under the Idea that the Trustees for the Brecon Road would put the said Road into proper Repair, he advanced a considerable Sum of Money towards the Repair of the said Roads in the County of Carmarthen; and that unless the said Road is put into proper Repair, the communication intended by the said Acts to be made between the said Counties will be rendered ineffectual, and the Securities for the Money lent upon the Carmarthen Roads will be greatly impaired.

Ordered, That it be-an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads " in the County of Brecon," and for amending certain other Roads in the said County, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for discharging the Trustees acting under the said Trust from the Care and Management of the Road leading from T to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, leading to Tal y Sarn, and for putting the said Road under the Care and Management of the Trustees nominated and appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, to Tavern Spile, in the County of Carmarthen, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition to A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti* *'"e^ l.ortl1 tion of the Gentlemen whose Names are thereunto Navigation subscribed. Partners in the Company of Proprietors j^ct. of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the " or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the " River of Carron, in the County of Stirling to the " Frith, or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called " DalmuirBurnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and

" also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of " Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut or " Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness to join the said Canal at or " near the Place where it will fall into the Frith of " Forth," the Petitioners, with several other Persons, were incorporated, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation," for making and compleating a Cut or Canal from the Frith, or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, to the Frith, or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, with sundry Powers, and under certain Orders and Regulations, in the said Act mentioned, and which Act was further explained, enlarged, and amended, by Three several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and that, under the Powers given by the before-recited Acts, great Progress has been made in the said important Undertaking, but the same might be more expeditiously and easily compleated, for the Benefit of

2

the Petitioners and the Public at large, if the General Meetings of the 9aid Company were held in London or Westminster only, and if the said Acts were further explained, amended, enlarged, extended, and rendered more effectual, in so far as regards the internal Constitution and Powers of the said Company in the Conduct and Management of their own Affairs: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring In a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Dundas, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti- Petition, — tion of the Gentlemen whose Names are thereunto sub- _

scribed, Partners in the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the 8 House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining " a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Frith, or River " of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the or River

" of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir foot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Col-.

" lateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow;

" and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of " Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrcmtoumess to join the said Canal at or near " the Place where it will fall into the Frith of " Forth," the Petitioners, with -several other Persons, were incorporated, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation," for making -and compleating a Cut or Canal from the Frith, or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, to the Frith, or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, with sundry Powers, and under certain Orders and Regulations, in the said Act mentioned, and which Act was further explained, enlarged, and amended, by Three several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and that, under the Powers given by the before-recited Acts, great Progress has been made in the said important Undertaking, but the Petitioners now find it would be a great Advantage to themselves, as well as to the Public, if the said Canal was made deeper, and the Line thereof varied, altered, and extended, which the Petitioners are willing to undertake, without raising any more Money for that Purpose; and that many other Regulations are necessary to be established for the better conducting the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Dundas, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition, — thereunto subscribed, being Captains or Masters of Ships and Vessels frequenting the Port of p^tof Lon-

And also, don.

A Petition

ci« '1

: li) a

JJ

Pf

he J.

15

liai

of

" I

" i

the

TCi

of

sar

Sui

Tc

to

sail

rec

ma

tha

wit

for

thf

Tn Ac pli of Cl; sai mi th dr u la th

a

it

a

tb

k

tt

t

t

j

27 Geo. III. 16° Martii.

55i

A Petition of the several Persona whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lightermen and Watermen within the Port of London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of Mr. Joseph nett, and Mr. John Rodbard, has been presented, for a Bill to provide Mooring Chains, to enforce Regulations for the orderly lying of Ships and Vessels, and to establish a Nightly Watch in the said Port, within certain Limits therein mentioned: And praying. That the Bill so prayed for by the said Petition, may be passed into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

or otherwise: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving a l continuing the said Act, so far as the same relates to the repairing and amending the Road leading from the Village of Milford aforesaid, through to the said Forty-third Mile Stone, near,

in the said County of Surrey, for such Term, and with such Powers, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Powys, 8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Motion for The House being informed, That William »iihdr«wing all, of Garthland, Esquire, who has petitioned this Eltrtion House, complaining of an undue Election and Return Petition. for the County of Renfrew, desires to withdraw his said Petition;

And a Motion being made, That the said William McDowall, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Milford Road A Petition of several Persons, who lately acted* Pet‘tWD' as Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " amending and widening the Road from a Place " near the Village of Mijfrrd, through Haslemere, to " the Portstnouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, " in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and ampton," and of other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That during the Continuance of the said Act the Trustees appointed under the same proceeded in the Execution thereof, and large Sums of Money were borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain unpaid; and that the Money ao owing, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Road; and that the Term of the said Act hath been suffered to elapse without any Application being made to Parliament for enlarging thereof, by Reason that the Whole of the Monies borrowed, and all the Monies which from Time to Time, during the Continuance of the said Act, arose from the Tolls of the said Road, were applied towards, and totally exhausted in, the Reparation of the Road, and in the Salaries of the Treasurer, and Clerk, Surveyor, and Gate-keeper, appointed by the said Trust, and no Subscription could at that Time be raised for defraying the Expences of a fresh Act; and that several of the Petitioners have agreed to subscribe divers Sums of Money, for the Purpose of obtaining an Act for repairing so much of the said Road as leads from the said Place, near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to a Place within a Mile from Haslemere aforesaid, towards the South, where now stands the Forty-third Mile Stone from London, near Famhurst Lane, in the said County of Surrey, to the End that such Part of the said Road may be effectually repaired, and that the Money borrowed under the said former Act may (after paying the present Subscription, and the Interest thereof) be liquidated; and that those Parts of the said Road which lie between the Forty-third Mile Stone, near Famhurst Lane aforesaid, and the said Place between Lippock and Rake, are wholly destitute of Traffic, and afforded, during the Continuance of the said Act, no Benefit, by Tolls Vo l. 42.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Pa?-Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain commit* called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at. the Rising of the House *d-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Account of Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he Assessments was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, on shoP* pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account shewing the Assessments made on all Shops, under an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, for One Year, ending at Lady Day 1787; distinguishing how much of the said Assessments have been made for each County, and for each City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in such County, and how much for each Market Town, not being a City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in such County, and what is the highest Sum assessed for any One Shop in such Market Towns respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, Public Of- West Florid* fleers, and other late Proprietors of the Province of Planters P«-West Florida, being offered to be presented to the tmon-House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer^ by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, in consequence of His Majesty’s Proclamation of 1763, the Petitioners emigrated to the Province of West Florida, and, after incurring every Danger, Difficulty, and Expence incident to first Settlers, cultivated Plantations, and formed Commercial Arrangements, which, in a few Years, arrived at a Degree of Prosperity beyond their Expectations, and

55$ i 6° Martii../f. 1787.

such as had never been experienced, in so short a Period, by any American Colony and that, at the Commencement of the late unfortunate American War, the Petitioners were solicited by Congress to join in their Confederacy, and declare the Province of West Florida an independent State, but this Solicitation was treated with Contempt, and the Province steadily persevered in Loyalty to His Majesty and Attachment to the Mother Country; and that, in consequence of this Refusal, the Congress fitted out a Squadron, under the Command of Commodore Hfor the Purpose of attacking Pensacola, but, despairing of Success from the Information he received of the Loyalty and Unanimity of the Province, he altered his Destination, and took and plundered the Island of New Providence; and that a Detachment of the Rebel Army, by the River Ohio, made a Descent on West Florida, and plundered and burnt several Rlantations, and seized Ships and other valuable Property on the River Mississippi, but were soon after attacked and driven into the Dominions of Spain by the loyal Inhabitants, who kept Possession of the Western Parts of the Province till they were relieved by a Detachment of His Majesty's Troops; and that the Inhabitants of Pensacola raised a considerable Sum of Money, by voluntary Subscriptions, for erecting Redoubts, and formed themselves into Volunteer Companies for their Defence, and the Inhabitants of Mobile made a sudden Expedition to Sea, attacked and defeated some Rebel Privateers, recovered a valuable Property, and restored it to the Owners, without any Expence; and that many loyal Inhabitants joined and did Duty with His Majesty’s Troops, while others formed themselves into Provincial Corps, and were employed upon the most dangerous Services, till the Reduction of the Province; and that, in order to make a Diversion when Pensacola was attacked, the Inhabitants of the District of Natchez laid Siege to Fort Pand obliged the Spanish Garrison to surrender as Prisoners of War; and that some of the Petitioners, Refugees from the States, who, in Obedience to His Majesty’s Proclamation, took Protection in West Florida, and contributed to its Defence, now find themselves excluded from that temporary Support and Compensation for Losses which was granted to many of their Fellow-sufferers who retired to Great Britain, and enjoyed comfortable Pensions in Peace and Security during the Whole of the War; and that some of the Petitioners had their Plantations plundered and burnt by the Rebels when they invaded the Province in the Year 1778, others had their Properties laid Waste, and large Stocks of Cattle destroyed, by the Rebel Indians and Spaniards, during the Operations of the War, and some of the Petitioners had their Houses burnt by Order of the Officers commanding in Forts, to prevent their being used by the Enemy as Covers for erecting Batteries, and others had their Property taken in the Forts, and condemned by the Spaniards, for having contributed to the public Defence, and some of the Petitioners lost valuable Tracts of Land acquired by Purchase, Mandamus, and other 'Pities, upon which they had laid out considerable Sums of Money in Expences necessary towards the forming of Plantations; and that Three-fourths of I Vest Florida has been ceded to the States of America, and no Stipulation made in Favour of the Property of its loyal Inhabitants, and the Remainder of the Province has been ceded to Spain, but under Stipulations which have proved totally ineffectual; and that the Spaniards considered the Time allowed by the Treaty for the Disposal of Property as a Period of Prescription, at the Expiration of which the Inhabitants must either remain Subjects of Spain, or suffer their Properties to become forfeited and extinct; the Petitioners are therefore returned to Great Britain, the Spaniards and Americans are in Possession of their Property, and not 7

a single Plantation has been sold in the Province; and that Commissioners have been appointed to enquire into the Losses sustained by the Proprietors of East Florida, whose Possessions were cedetl as a Price of Peace to the Kingdom of Spain, and the Property of the Petitioners was also ceded to and America, to purchase Peace and Security for the Empire at large, whereby many are reduced from affluent to indigent Circumstances, and some are in Want of immediate Support; and that the Petitioners conceive there is not the smallest Difference between their Case and that of the Inhabitants of East Florida, which should induce the House to compensate the Losses of the one, and refuse Compensation to the other; both Provinces have been ceded to the Enemy, to procure Peace for the rest of the Empire; both remained equally attached to the British Government during the War; it was indeed the Fate of the Petitioners to experience greater Calamities, on Account of their Attachment to the Mother Country, and also to make greater Exertions for their own Defence, and to be exposed to more Hardships and Dangers in the common Cause, than their neighbouring Province; but these Circumstances, which they conceive to form a Plea for greater Favour, never can he the Reason that they are treated less favourably; yet the Petitioners are at a Loss to assign any other Cause for the Distinction made oh this Occasion between East and W estFlorida: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Situation into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordavd, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A - Petition of Robert Alexander, and John Miller, Gilbert and Lewis Deblois, and Company, and James Wilson and Sons, as w'ell for themselves, as on the Part and Behalf of the Owners and Freighters of Goods on Board the Ships Martha and Sir William be-

ing offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, ail Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies therein mentioned (of which New York was one) was prohibited, during the Continuance of the Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; and that in Septembe 1776 His Majesty’s Troops obtained Possession of New York, Long Island, and Staten Island, and continued in Possession thereof until the Peace, in the Year 1783; New York, being fortified and garrisoned, became a Place of Refuge for the Loyalists from all Parts of the Continent, and Numbers of Persons also, who availed themselves of the Benefit of the Proclamations of His Majesty’s Commissioners, repaired thither, made their Submission to Government, and received Pardon and Protection, in consequence of which there were at Times within the British Lines not less than 80,000 Persons, who could not have subsisted without receiving from Great Britain various Articles of Manufacture and Merchandize, besides Provisions, imported under the Licence of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, as permitted and directed by the said Act; and that, to remedy this Inconvenience, and supply those Wants, such Vessels as-brought Provisions under Licence from the Lords of the Admiralty, and cleared out at the Custom Flouses in Great Britain for New York, brought other Goods and Merchandize of the Manufacture of Great Britain, cleared out by Cocket for Halifax, and these Cargoes were openly and publicly shipped, were duly and regularly cleared out,

Petition; Ships Martha and Sir William Erskine.

27 Geo. III. i 6° M*. 553

and, as a Security against Fraud, and as a Check and Practice and Usage at the Custom House, in London) Controul over the Shippers, the Commissioners of His for Halifax, and the said Ship, being thus freighted' Majesty’s Customs at the Port of London, and other and regularly cleared out at the Custom House, principal Officers in other Ports, took Bonds from the sailed from London on the iSt of March 1778, and bn Shippers conditioned for the unloading and discharg- the 10th of the same Month fell in with, and was ing of the Goods at Halifax, and with such Cargoes captured by* The Boston, a Rebel American Frigate, many Vessels sailed from different Ports in Great Bri- who, after removing the Master, and all the Hands, tain, sometimes with, and at others without Convoy, except Four, from on board The Martha to The Boston, directly to New York, where their Cargoes were landed, and putting a Prize Master and a Number of Hands and disposed of to the Army, Navy, and Inhabitants, on board, the said Ship was ordered to

under the Protection of Government; and that, in and that, in the Prosecution of the Voyage, the said order to prevent any Intercourse or Trade writh the Ship Martha was re-captured by His Majesty’s Ship People in Rebellion, contrary to the true Intent and Rainbow, commanded by Sir George Collier, wliQ car-Meaning of the said Act, and to protect and encourage ried her into the Port of Halifax, where she was a Trade so indispensably necessary for the Accommo- libelled and condemned in the Court of Vice Ad-dation of the Navy, Army, and Loyal Inhabitants, Sir miralty, in Manuer following: The said Ship and Pro-William Howe, Commander in Chief, on the 17th of visions to the Payment of One Eighth of the Value, ip

July 1777, issued a Proclamation, appointing Andrew Elliot, Esquire, Superintendant of all imports and Exports to and from New York, and in virtue of the said Proclamation all Vessels arriving at that Port were admitted to a regular Entry, and fully protected; and that the Mayor of New certifying, under the

Seal of Mayoralty, the landing of the Goods so cleared out for Halifax, the Bonds so as aforesaid entered into at the Custom Houses in Great Britain were cancelled, and the Duty of Draw back immediately paid; and that, from the Commander in Chief in America thus inviting and authorizing such Importations, and the Custom Houses in Great Britain giving their Sanction to a Trade so openly and fairly carried on as that to New York, the Merchant could have no Doubt but that he was justifiable and safe in trading thither, without the smallest Imputation of Fraud, or Violation of the Spirit of an Act of Parliament, intended solely to prevent Supplies being carried to the People of America then in Rebellion, because the Port of New York was, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully opened as though it had been declared at the King’s Peace; and, that such was the Case must be evident, from the following Consideration, many Hundred Sail of Vessels, taken from the Rebels and their Allies, were carried into New York, where they were libelled and condemned in the Court of Vice Admiralty, exercising its judicial and executive Powers, as fully and amply as the Courts of Vice Admiralty in other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, and which could not have been done, had that Port not have been open, and at the King’s Peace, because, by the Act aforesaid, it is provided that no Captures which shall be taken in virtue of the said Act should be carried into any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, thereinbefore particularly mentioned, during so long Time as such Colonies or Plantations should continue in a State of Rebellion; and that, by the Trade thus carried on, not only the Navy, Army, and Loyal Inhabitants at New York were supplied with the Comforts and Necessaries of Life, but the Manufacturers of this Country were also greatly benefited by the increased Demand for, and Consumption of, Goods so imported there; and that the Petitioners, from the Reasons aforesaid, conceiving the Trade to New York fully authorized, protected, and encouraged, and that other Goods and Merchandize, as well as Provisions, might be safely exported thither, freighted the Ships Martha and Sir William Erskine, beitrg well armed, and having

Letters of Marque; and that, having obtained a Licence from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, the Petitioners, the said Robert Alexander, and John Miller, Gilbert and Lewis Deblois, and Company, and others, being Loyal Subjects to His Majesty, put on board the said Ship Martha, Peter Master,

a Quantity of Provisions cleared out at the Custom House in London, for New York, and other assorted Cargo, consisting of Goods and Merchandize of the Manufactures of Great Britain (ns had been the constant Vol. 42.

lieu of Salvage, and the other Goods so cleared out for Halifax wholly to the Re-captors, on a Suggestion that the said Ship was bound to New to tnfoe

with the Rebels, contrary to and in Violation of the said Act of Parliament, from which Sentence of Condemnation the Petitioners appealed to the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes, and their Lordships were pleased to affirm the said Sentence of Condemnation, by Means w’hereof the Petitioners have 7

sustained not only the Loss of Property so shipped on board the Martha, but have been burthened with heavy Expences and the Costs of Suit — And that the Petitioners, the said James Wilson and Sons, and other Freighters of Goods on board the said Ship Sir Erskine, in virtue of a Licence from the Lords of the Admiralty, put on board the said Ship, John Montgomery Master, a Quantity of Provisions, cleared out at the Custom House in Greenock, for New Yoi'k, and an assorted Cargo for Halifax, and the said Ship, being thus freighted, and regularly cleared, sailed from Greenock the latter End of August 1777, and on the 18th of September following fell in with and was captured by The Sturdy Beggar, a Rebel American Private Vessel of War, w'ho, after removing a Number of Hands on board The Sturdy Beggar, and puttings a Prize Master and a Number of Hands on board the Sir William Erskine, she was ordered to Boston, but, on her Voyage thither, was re-captured by His Majesty’s Ship Ambuscade, Captain Macartney, who carried the said Ship Sir William Erskine into the Port of Halifax, where she wras libelled and condemned, in like Manner as the said Ship Martha', and that, in this Situation, the Petitioners applied for Relief to the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, presuming that, in virtue of the Powers granted by the Acts of the 25th and 26th of His Majesty, the said Commissioners were fully empowered to enquire into the Losses they had sustained under the Act aforesaid, and the Case of Two of the Petitioners, Robert Alexander and John Miller, was heard before the said Commissioners, who were of Opinion, that it was not of a Nature in which they could afford Relief; and that the Petitioners, by the strict legal Interpretation of the said Act, notwithstanding the Protection and Encouragement thus held out by the said Proclamation, and the Sanction and Usage at the Custom Houses in Great Britain, having incurred and sustained heavy Losses and great Expences, cannot obtain any Aid or Relief but from this House, and they know of no other Persons suffering under the Operation of the Prohibitory Act, whose Cases are similar to those of the Petitioneis; and that the Petitioners are ready to give satisfactory Proofs of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And therefore praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration, and that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seein meet.

7 B Ordered,

Petition; Ships Martha and Sir William Ei skin e.

American

Loyalists

Petition.

554 i 6°Martii. A. 17 & 7.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the American Loyalists, Sufferers by having furnished Provisions and dther Articles for public Use during the late War, and by having their Property taken and destroyed by the British Army and Navy, for which no Payment hath been made, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are of that Class of Subjects whose Persons were attainted, and Estates confiscated, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and that, during the War in America, the Petitioners, on many Occasions, furnished Provisions and other Articles for public Use, and at other Times their Effects were taken by His Majesty’s Army and Navy, their Houses and Estates occupied and demolished, and their Property destroyed, by Order, lest it should fall into the Hands of the Enemy, whereby the Re-volters were often prevented from advancing and attacking His Majesty’s Troops, and in other Instances they suffered in their Property and Individual Rights, for which' Supplies, Seizures, and Devastations, no Payment or Recompence hath as yet been made; relying, however, on the Justice of their Pretensions to Retribution, inasmuch as the chief End of Civil Society is to protect, and not to distress, the faithful Subject, and conceiving that whatever he is thus deprived of by the Servants of the Empire, for the Benefit of the Whole, ought to be paid for out of the Public Treasury, they, when Peace took place, preferred their separate Memorials to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, praying to be redressed, convinced that, as their Demands were undeniably well-founded, they would be attended to and satisfied; and that, in these reasonable Expectations, the Petitioners were so far gratified, that their Lordships, in their Desire to do Justice, promised that the said Claims should be referred for Liquidation to the Commissioners then about to be appointed to enquire into the Losses of the Loyalists in general, and, in consequence thereof, the said Claims were presented to the said Commissioners, but they conceiving that the Act of Parliament from which they derived their Authority did not enable them to take Cognizance of such Claims, they consequently declined the Business; and that the Petitioners then repeated their Application to the Lords of the Treasury, and their Memorials were afterwards referred to the Auditors of Public Accounts, where they remained near Twelve Months, and the Petitioners are now told, that the said Auditors decline liquidating the said Demands, alledging, that they cannot, without neglecting the other important Business of the Public; and that so great a Length of Time having thus elapsed since the public Exigencies made it necessary to deprive them of their Property, they trust that the House will see the Justice and Propriety of affording immediate and effectual Relief to Claimants whose other Sacrifices and Losses in America have reduced many of them from a State of Affluence to that of Indigence, little removed from Want: And therefore praying. That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and devise a proper Mode whereby their Demands may be speedily liquidated and paid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.'

A Petition of the Right honourable Anthony James F.arl of Earl of Newburgh, Viscount Kinnaird and Baron Le- Newburgh’s vingston, of Flacring, in the Kingdom of being Petition*

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His.

Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That of all the Estates which were forfeited to the Crown by the Adherents to the Cause of the Family of Stuart, either in the Year 1715 or 1745, the Derwentwater Estates alone remain still vested in the Trustees of the Public; and that Parliament still retains the same Power and Controul over the Dencentwater Estates, which it had over all the Scotch Estates, which have been so lately restored to the Families of the forfeiting Persons, and which were, by the Twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, annexed to the Imperial Crow-n of this Realm, to remain for ever unalienable from the same, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and, the Petitioner is confident, that if he asks a less Favour, and sheas equal, if not further Pretensions, than the Persons who have experienced such Favour of the Legislature, his Application will not be rejected; and that the Petitioner trusts that he will be found to have at least equal Pretensions with the other Sufferers for the same Cause, to apply for the Restoration of all those Parts of his Family Estates which were actually forfeited by his Ancestors, yet lie does not presume to petition Parliament to be re-admitted to any Part of those Estates, although the Public will for ever continue to receive considerably more from them than from such to which the Petitioner applies to the Humanity of Parliament to be restored; and that the Petitioner submits, that One Part of the Derwent-water Estates was settled, previous to the Attainder of the Petitioner’s Ancestors, in such Manner that it could not be forfeited for any longer Time than during the Life of the forfeiting Person, in case such forfeiting Person should have Issue Male; and that the last Earl of Derwentwater accordingly forfeited an Estate, which he took under a Settlement made in the Year 1712, during his own Life, which Estate, after his Death, was enjoyed, under the Limitations thereof, by Mr. John Radclyffe, his only Son, from the Year 1716 till the Year 1731, when he died under Age and unmarried; and that Mr. Charles Radclyffe, the younger Brother of the said Earl, and Grandfather of the Petitioner, had, under the same Settlement, an Estate for Life, equally limited, after his Death, unto his First and other Sons, in the same Manner as it had been limited to the First and other Sons of the said Earl of Dencentwater, and the Petitioner’s late Father wras such first Son, law fully begotten, of the said Charles Radclyffe; as therefore Mr. John Radclyffe was not deprived of his Estate on Account of the Attainder of his Father, it is evident that the late Earl of Newburgh was not deprived of that Estate on Account of the Attainder of his Father, for by one and the same Settlement each Father had a Life Estate, which he forfeited to the Crown, and each Son had an Estate Tail, vested in him as a Purchaser, precisely in the same Manner; and that the Petitioner is confident that it will appear to every Member of the House, who considers the Circumstances of his Case, that if it were thought proper to restore all the Estates which had been unquestionably forfeited by the other forfeiting Persons, to whose Families the same have been restored, it will be found still more reasonable to restore that Part of the Petitioner’s Family Patrimony which was divested out of his Father, not by virtue of the Attainder

v

la

su

th

01

tfi

H

mi

no to Al Se In at is i gui the a

sta

the

Tei

TO

(»i

Sul

wh:

mil

ber

he

of

son

am

the

m

the

Cl

wa

sha

as

Chi

The

peal the Issu the take apoi to 1 the par as 1 Cas ( Tat

a the totl

Con

havi

Peti

Hotl

T

Setti

Mes

oft

the

htoc

dec

the

upo

amc

tion<

27 Geo. III. i6° Mart555

Attainder of his Ancestors, but by a presumed Incapacity on Account of Alienage, notwithstanding he L was born of British Parents, although out of the

Liegance of His Majesty; and that the Petitioners late Father never was found an Alien, nor did he suffer a Common Recovery during his Life to har the Intail, which, although he were an Alien, he might have done, and therefore the Petitioner flatters himself that the Humanity and Equity of the House will admit him to take that Part of his Family Patrimony under the Settlement of 1712, which not being forfeited for Treason, but being presumed to have escheated by an unsubstantiated Incapacity of Alienage, was, by the Twenty-second of George the Second vested in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and that although the Petitioner’s Father is recited in the said Act to have consented to extinguish the Right of himself and of his Issue Male under the said Settlement of 1712, yet in any other than a Parliamentary Transaction, and in the Circumstances and Situation in which the Petitioner’s Father then unfortunately stood, such Consent of a Father, Tenant in Tail, to extinguish the Right of his Issue, would have been ineffectual, and as the Petitioner (who is to all Intents and Purposes a natural-born Subject) is ready to restore the Sums of Money which were paid by the Hospital, either to his Fa* mily by Direction of the said Act, or in disencumbering the Estates, which in all amount to £. 58,900, he relies upon the Candour, Humanity, and Equity of the House, that they will think it just and reasonable to supersede in Part the Effects of that Act, and enable the Petitioner to take an Estate Tail, under the Settlement of 1712, in that Part of the zcater Estates which were forfeited to the Crown during the Lives of the said Earl of and

Charles Radclyffe, until the Reversion in Fee, which was forfeited by the said Earl of,

shall come into Possession, which cannot be so long as there shall be Issue Male of the Body of the said Charles Radclyffe existing: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Twenty-second of George the Second as may go to extinguish the Right of the Issue Male of his Grandfather Charles Radclyffe under 1 the Settlement of 1712, and for admitting him to

take those Estates in Tail Male, which were settled 1 upon his said Grandfather for Life, with Remainder

1 to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, subject to

the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of £. 58,900, or for granting to the Petitioner such other Redress or Relief as the singular and unprecedented Hardships of his Case shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr.Jenkin- A Petition of David Jenkinson, of Cross, in

I petition, the County of Middlesex, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, by his Bankers Messrs. Boldero and C", subscribed towards the Loan of the Year 1784, and received £7,000 Omnium, the Payments upon which were duly made, and the Stock disposed of by the Petitioner to other Persons, excepting £. 2,000 Three per Cent. Annuities, Part of the said Omnium, and that the Three first Payments upon the said £. 2,000 Three per Cent. Annuities, amounting to £.522, were duly made by the Petitioner, but he being confined with Sickness to his Vo I.. 42.

Bed, and afterwards becoming delirious, the Fourth Payment due thereon of £. 232, upon the 27th. Day of October 1784, was therefore omitted to be made, the Circumstance of the Petitioner having any such Stock, not being known by any of the Petitioner’s Family or Friends; and that shortly afterwards the Petitioner’s Son received Intelligence from the Cashiers at the Bank of England, that the said £. 2,000 Three per Cent. Annuities (as appeared to them from the Third Payment thereon having been made by the Petitioner) was in the Petitioner’s Possession, and that the Fourth Payment had not been made thereon and that, as soon as the Petitioner was somewhat recovered, the Petitioner’s Son mentioned the Circumstances to him, who could not recollect that he then had any such Stock, but his Illness having much impaired his Memory, and not having any Memorandum of the said Stock, he concluded he had disposed thereof; and that, when the Petitioner was perfectly recovered, lie did not conceive that he had such Stock, until the Receipts for the Three Payments made thereon were accidentally found, but the Times for the further Payments thereon being then elapsed, and the Accounts at the Bank closed, the Petitioner could not be permitted to make the said Payments; and that the Petitioner presented a Memorial to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for Relief in the Premises, which was referred by their Lordships to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who reported thereon, that Three Payments, amounting to £. 522, had been duly made upon the said £. 2,000 Three per Cent. Annuities, as hereinbefore stated, but their Lordships were pleased to reject the said Memorial, forasmuch as the Statute in respect of the said Loan of the Year 1784 (i. e.) 24 Geo. III. Cap. to.

Sect. 13. provided *' that in Case any Contributor " who already had, or thereafter should pay to the " Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money " at the Times, and in the Manner thereinbefore " mentioned, in Part of the Sums by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors,

" Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, should not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the " Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the " Times, and in the Manner thereinbefore mentioned, then and in every such Case so much " of the respective Sum or Sums so subscribed, as " should have been actually paid in Part thereof to " the Cashier or Cashiers, should be forfeited for " the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title " to the said Annuities in respect thereof should be " extinguishedAnd therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to be Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rose, Mr. , Ac.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to American Order, a Bill to continue the Laws now in force for TiriU,e Bi,l regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Presented- Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for granting Rates of Postage for the Con- Waterford veyance of Letters and Packets between Great Bri* Po8ta!5* Bl,l tain and the Port of Waterford. in the Kingdom ofcommi *

556 16° Martii. 1787*

Ireland, by Way of Milford Haven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cotn-tnittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Accounts rdered. Portage Allowance.

Custom Duties.

Unclaimed

Annuities.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Amount of the Allowance to Masters of Ships, called Portage, for the Ten last Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties that have been secured by Bond, since the 5th Day of January 1767, for any Part of the Customs on Goods, on which the whole Dubes were not permitted to be so secured.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1787, over and above the several Sums voted by Parliament, for the Public Service, which have been reserved of the Duties and Revenues granted for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, and which have not been demanded or claimed by the Persons who were entitled thereto for the lives of their Nominees.

Committee „ Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Supply. to resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Navy Esti- Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Ma-mates re- jesty’s Navy for the Year 1787, be referred to the said hnta- Committee/

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on Public Accounts deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wuysau4 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the teness-Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mora, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according to Hatfield Order, a Bill for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, of^entad and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, on Behalf of "’hitc Shed himself, and others, Creditors on a certain Part of the Turnpike Road leading from Shaftesbury to Satis-bury, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That under an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the " Turnpike Road on the Top of White Sheet Hill to " a Place called The Hare Warren, and from thence " to the Index Post, stauding near the "Turnpike Road, on the Side of Harnham and " also for repairing and widening the Road from the " said Index Post to a House called Master "Farm House, in the County of JLilts," the said Turnpike Road was made, and divers Sums of Money, to the Amount of £. 1.400, have been borrowed for that Purpose, which still remain due, and particularly the Sum of £. 500, with about £. 400 for Interest, is now due to the Petitioner Francis Eyre, and it is necessary that the said Act, which is lately expired, should be continued for a further Term, in order to repay the Money borrowed, and to amend and keep in Repair . the Roads therein mentioned;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for declaring that the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, and also the Act to be passed for that Purpose, may be in full Force and Effect, and have Continuance, from and after the passing such new Act, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads described in the said former Act, and for making such additional Term subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said former Act, and all Interest due, and to grow due, for the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the.

Table.:

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ecctesias-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tical Court* House, upon the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexa- Bill deferred, tious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning nex^ Ten of the Clock.

2? GeO. Ill* 10° M 557

Luna, 19° die Martii;

Anno 27* Georgii III'" Regis, 1787.

Pra Vers.

Stives nplIE Earl Ludlow reported from the Committee* Bridge, Ac. X to whom the Petition of the Most Noble George Petition re- Duke of Manchester, was referred; That the Commit-ported. tee jia(j examined, and found that the said Application is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to erecting Bridges, it not being for erecting a Bridge, or for the Renewal or Alter* ation of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, but only for repairing a Bridge, and a Causeway adjoining thereto, which are the sole Property of the said Duke; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the JReport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in . at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Marion Welstead informed your Committee, That the Duke of Mancheste, as Lord of the Manor of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, is Proprietor of a Stone Bridge over the River Ouse, at the down of Saint Ives aforesaid, and of a Causew ay extending about 600 Yards from the said Bridge, and also of a small Wooden Bridge upon the said Causew ay, and is entitled to a Toll for certain Carriages and Cattle passing over tire same.

That the said Bridges. and Causeway have been repaired till of late at a small Expence, but that since Several Turnpike Roads have been made to communicate with the said Town, great Number of Carriages and Travellers pass over the said Bridges and Causeway, by reason whereof the said Bridges are become greatly decayed, and in Danger of falling, and require to be immediately repaired; and the said Causeway is frequently impassable in Times of Flood, and it is necessary, in order to render the Passage over the said Causeway at all Times safe, that the same should be considerably raised. — And the Witness added, That the said Bridges and Causeway are also narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Travellers; and the same cannot be made safe and commodious without a considerable Expence; and that the Revenue arising from the Tolls now received is inadequate to defray that Expence.

And the Witness further said, That Application hath been made to the Duke of Manchester, by several Gentlemen of the County of Huntingdon, requesting him to cause the said Bridges and Causeway to be repaired, and rendered safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers at all Seasons of the Year. — And the said Duke, being present, acquainted your Committee, That he is willing to undertake to cause the several Works aforesaid to be executed and done in a proper and substantial Manner, in case he shall be authorized to collect such additional Tolls, over and above his present Tolls, as shall be sufficient to defray the Expence that will attend such Undertaking.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Bridge over the River Ouse, at the Town of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, and for rendering the Passage from the said Bridge, over certain Low Grounds adjoining thereto, safe and commodious for Travellers: And that the Earl Ludlow and the Lord Ilinchingbrookdo prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vox,. 42,.

Mr. Vansiltart presented to the Hbuse, according Rending to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying 1:"ads Bil the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of His Pre9"ud* present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through' Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Markrw, Chipping IVycombe,

and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and *

worth, Watford, and Saint Alban's, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford, and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge* through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Read*' ing: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according Bill relating to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so touch of an to Vagrants, Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King ^te^re* Geoi'ge the First, intituled, "An Act for making per*

" petual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year,

" of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and.

" continuing several Acts therein mentioned, as relates " to the building and repairing County Gaols j and " also an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of " the Reign of King William the Tlvird, for the more " effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making " more effectual the Act of the Thirteenth Year of the " Reign 01 King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act " for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating-and better Government of I113 Majesty’s Ships " of War and Forces by Sea," as gives a discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hou£e, a papers re_ Copy of the Revenue Proceedings of the Governor lating to Mr. General and Council of Bengal, dated 28th January Hastings,

1775. 25th July 1777, 20th October 1778, 19th ordered-January 1779, an(l 26th March 1779, or so much of the said Proceedings as relates to the farming of the Lands, or to Appointments in the Provincial Councils.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Revenue Proceedings of foe Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated 24th August 1779, or of so much thereof as relates to the Grant of the Zemindary of Buharbund to the Son of Cantoo Baboo.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a-Copy of the Revenue Proceedings of foe Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated 27th August 1779, or of so much thereof as relates to foe Reduction of the Jumma of Burdwan.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of foe Revenue Proceedings of foe Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated 17th March

177.5, or of so much thereof as relates tQ Farms held or relinquished by Cantoo Baboo.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Revenue Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated 8th October

1776, 5th September 1777, and 26th September 1777> or of so much thereof as relates to Balances remitted to the Rajah of Nuddea.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Petition from Cossinaut Baboo, entered on foe Revenue Proceedings of 16th December 1777.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aq Account, Settlement, Collections, artd Balances, ot

7 C the

558

190 Martii.

A. 1787.

the Revenue of the Bahar Province (exclusive of the Districts under Mr. Charles Graeme) for the Four Years commencing in September 1779, each Year.

Act for making,

maintaining.

distinguishing

Persons to attend Com* iniUee on Charge against Mr. Has tings.

and repairing a Road from the West End of the Bridge intended to be built at or near the Ferry over the River from

Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of Saundby, Bole, North

morrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole and Clareborough, to East Retford,

House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misde- Side Branch from the Boundary Gate between the said meanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Cover- Parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said

Ordered, That William Harwood, Esquire, do, To-

Burford Hoads Bill passed.

nor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That William Marriot, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Peter Moore, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Ewan Law, Esquire, do attend the stud Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Edward Golding, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Young, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Alexander Esquire, do

attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

An inerrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the '1 wenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Roads from the The Hand and Post, at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook, and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish of Wit Kington, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty,- so far as the same relates to the Roads from The Hand and Post, at the Top of But ford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook, and from The Cross Hands 011 Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill respecting Promissory Notes, tcc. ordered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further restraining the " Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills " of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the said Act perpetual: And that Mr. Duncombe

and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, same.

and

bring

in, the

The Lords have agreed to

Hurst Green Road Bill. '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

Mutiny Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters , without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and Buncash, to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County; without any Amendment: And Also, mugh Road The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill.

Parish of Beckingham, and the Parish of Gringlcy on the Hill, in the same County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Camper’* for naturalizing Peter Everhard Camper; without any at* Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lord* dissolve the Marriage of William Fawkener, Esquire,*have P"«d with Georgiana Ann Poyntz, his now Wife, and to Fawkener’* enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes D,vorce therein mentioned; to which the Lords' desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Rolt’s Estat* for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward Bayntun Rolt, Baronet, and Andrew Bayntun Bolt, Esquire, from a certain Limitation contained in an Indenture of Release, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fawkener’* to dissolve the Marriage of William Fawkener, Esquire, -ce with Georgiana Ann Poyntz, his now Wife, and to enable him to many again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act noli’* Estate for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and BiB read-Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward Bayntun Rolt,

Baronet, and Andrew Bayntun Rolt, Esquire, from a certain Limitation contained in an Indenture of Release, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more Com Regv effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Uiion Bill Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for comuultei " further regulating and ascertaining the Importation " and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several " Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram-ston, Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Brkkdale reported from the Committee, to Bristol whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Church P«i-Commonalty of the City of Bristol, under their Com- tlonreporU ’ mon Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 7 Table:

T

to

R

Pi

0

of

ii

to

B

if

tin

a

u

tin

it

an

sit

at

tbt

for

P*

tilt

div of a (

nit

tak

in,

«, ( it*

ng

Kin

Ma

so

thr

Bn

and

Wa

Rep

Wa

com

Si

Con

seve to bi in hi the the then . Que Hon

I . 0

iogr(

M

Hou

talhis.

ante

the]

folio

H

off

brio

duct

V

27 Geo. III.

190 Ma

559

Table: Where the aame was read; and is as fol- His Majesty to grant an Annuity of Two thousand

loweth; viz. Pounds per Anmm% clear of all Deductions whatever,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the to the said Sir John Skynner, during the Term of his

Reverend Doctor Joseph Atwell Small, Minister of the Natural Life, to be paid out of His Majesty’s Civil List

Parish of Saint James, in the City of Bristol\ being exa- Revenues.

am/] tU/. I _] Ti_! - L a I

mined, said, That the said Parish is partly in the City of Bristol \and partly in the County of Gloucester, and

is very large and populous, and the Church belonging to the said Parish, which stands in the City of is very inconveniently situated, with respect to great Part of the Parish, and not near large enough to contain all the Inhabitants — That it is proposed to erect a new Church upon some other Part of the said Parish, and the Inhabitants thereof have signified their Desire of having the said Parish divided, and one Part of it formed into a separate and independent Parish, with a Parish Church, and Cemetery or Church Yard, and a proper Endowment for the Maintenance of a Resident Minister, provided an Act of Parliament can be obtained for effecting those Purposes.

Mr. John Lewis, an Officer of the Corporation, informed the Committee, That the Corporation are disposed and willing to be contributary to the Undertaking.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard, within the new Parish: And that Mr. Brickdale, Captain Bei'keley, and Mr. Master, do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

G. R.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said Most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0,1 Militia upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Pay 01 Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Thomas Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Thomas Ellis reported from the Committee,

am,

_ , „ , r , j . , That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley ao make the Re- inenciments thereunto; which they had directed him

fiTftitt tn ,l,nm »h« R.ll far rnnt.n.i- wjiea the n0Use wyi piease to receive the

4t. Roads port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continu Bill reported. fagtfae Term of Three Acts> of the Thirteenth Year of

King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham, through Wednesbury, to High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane,

to report, same.

Ordered,

Morning.

That the Report be received Tomorrow

Com-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

. to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, on Waterford

and to Nether Tnndlc, near Dudley, in the Counties of y* Bm for granting Rates of Postage for the Con- PostaSe Bl11-

Warwick and Stafford; and for making and keeping in veyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain

Repair a Road from Trouse Lane, in the Parish of and the port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford, was by Way of Haven, be now read.

committed. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Sir Robert Laxi ley accordingly reported from the said — -

Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, w’hich they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

That

King's Message respecting Sir John Skynner.

j

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as folloWeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous of conferring a Mark yal Favour on Sir John Skynner, Knight,

li----- C t_r:.. __. r-

of His Royal

late Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s' Court of Ex- gulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the

_ J t

The House resolved itself into the said mittee. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Lt Mesurier reported from the Com- East India mittee to whom the Petition of the United Company of Company’s Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was Petition re. referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter wareh^es* of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the reported. same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwaids delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Re-

chequer, in Consideration of his diligent and men torious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct, in the Execution of that Office, recommends it to His faithful Commons, to consider of enabling Vor.. 42. , 6

more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality,

be

56°

*9

A. 1787.

the Parishes of Sainl Mary-le-BonPaddington, Saint

Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Guilders, and other Persons, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law, was read, whereby it is, amongst other Things, enacted, " That no Stack of Warehouses to be erected after the 24th Day of " June 1774, shall contain more than Thirty-five " Squares of Building on the Ground Plan thereof,

" including all the external and internal Walls, and " so much of the Party Walls, if any, as belong to " such Stack of Warehouses; and no Enlargement " shall be at any Time thereafter made to any Stack of Warehouses already built or begun, so as to increase the same beyond the said Thirty-five Squares " on the Ground Plan, including such Walls as aforesaid, except such Stack of Warehouses be separated " and divided by one or more Party Wall or Party " Walls, built in every Respect according to the Dircctions hereinbefore contained concerning Party " Walls, into Divisions of not more than Thirty-five " Squares each, including such Walls as aforesaid,

" on the Ground Plan ol such Warehouses; and that " no Stack of Warehouses shall communicate with any " other Warehouse or Building through a Party Wall,

" unless the Door Case and Sill of every such Communication be of Stone, and unless there shall be " to every such Communication a Door of wrought " Iron, of the Thickness of a Quarter of an Inch at least in the Pannels thereof; and no Timber " Band or Lintel shall be laid into the Brick Work " of any Wall, in any such Stack of Warehouses,

" nearer than Eighteen Inches to the Opening of such " Communication." Then

Richard Jupp, Esquire, Surveyor of Buildings to the East India Company, being examined, said, That the Company are possessed and in the Use of Warehouses heretofore erected, and which, on the Ground Plan thereof, exceed Thirty-five Squares without any Division; and their present Trade requiring a very considerable Addition of Warehouse Room, they are now building new Warehouses upon the Ground where His Majesty's Navy Office lately stood — That it is necessary to the Company’s Trade, that their Warehouses should be of greater Dimensions than Thirty-five Squares without any Division. — And the Witness further said, That if the Company shall be obliged to conform in that respect to the Regulations and Directions in the said Act contained, the same will be attended with the utmost Inconvenience to the Company in the conducting their Business, and will besides occasion a very heavy Expence; and that the Company’s Warehouses are built with every possible Precaution against Fire, cither within the same, or from surrounding Buildings, and in a Manner which makes it w holly unnecessary, with regard to the Public Safety, to confine such Buildings to the Dimensions, Regulations, and Directions prescribed by the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the East India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the lteign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further and better Regulation " of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more " effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the " Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties " thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places " within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes " of Saint Mary-le-Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras,

" ftnd Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex,

" and for indemnifying,’under certain Conditions; Build-

" ers, and other Persons, against the Penalties to which

" they are or may be liable, for erecting Buildings within

" the Limits aforesaid, contrary to LawAnd that Mr.

Alderman LeMcsurierand Mr. Hunter do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

0

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the Number of Widows of each Rank of 'Varrunt of* Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, entitled to the Wages y^ws j,c and Victuals of the Widows Men, distinguishing the Classes to which they belong, together with an Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow' of each Class, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1780, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, with an Account of the respective.

Sums that have been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the Application thereof.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the R*port Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-' ^Preferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary of That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred thousand IsavJ’-Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of the Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year

1787.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to British Fish-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon' de‘

the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the rr Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement " of the British Fisheries

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Milwich In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons clo3Ure I!iU and Waste Grounds within the Manor, or reputed prestn Manor, and Parish of Milwich, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House g<.cIes:asti-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cal Courts upon the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits B‘,! <,4&rrei in Ecclesiastical Courts, be now read. . j

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

-3#

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Motion re- Journal of the House, of the 23d Day of June, in *"

the last Session of Parliament, of the Petition of the tureAcu, . British Inhabitants of the presidency of Fort Saint Neg.

Georget

27 Geo. III.

190 — 200 Marlii.

561

.George, in the Indiami its Dependencies, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the 1st Day of February last, of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Civil and Military Servants of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and other the British Inhabitants of the Presidency of Fort in Bengal,

and of the Forts, Factories, and Places subordinate thereto; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, by and on the Behalf of themselves, and as Agents of the Civil and Military Servants of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and other the British Inhabitants of the Presidency of Fort Williamin Bengal, and of the Forts, Factories,

and Places subordinate thereto, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in " India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature " for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons " accused of Offences committed in the East Indies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act . " for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons " accused of certain Offences committed in the East u Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in

" the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the " East India Company, and of the British Possessions " in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature

" for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons " accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies; and for " the more easy Proof, in certain Cases, of Deeds " and Writings executed in Great Britain or India" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in ;a Bill to explain and amend the said Acts;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Acts;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Day

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Con»oIida-Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into action Bill de-Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday next, upon the Bill for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties ^composing the Public Revenue; and for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply de- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ferred. whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of Means da. the whole House, to consider further of Ways and ferred-Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

€i

Martis, 200die Martii;

Anno 27° Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

SIR James Pennyman presented to the House, ac- Hertel»s cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Billpre-Jacob Hertel: And the same was received; and read seated, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tellers for the Yeas /Mr>

Idlers for the 1 eas, ^The Maitland:

Tellers for the Nocs.f ^Ir" t,

’ [Mr. Boughlon Rouse:

So it passed in the Negative.

Committee n Public

Accounts deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty's Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue, might be read.

Vol. 42.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, petition to to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the amend Forth humble Petition of the Gentlemen, whose Names are and p’Jde thereunto subscribed, Partners in the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was ported, referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Application is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774> relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to extend the Navigation, or to raise any Sum 21. of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had 28. directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered jt in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the " Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of " the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to " the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place

7 D " called

562

ao° Martii.

A. 1787,

" called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of " barton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to " the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable " Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and " Harbour of Borrowstounness to join the said Canal " at or near the Place where it will fall into the Frith " of Forthand also Three several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of the lteign of His said Majesty, for the Purpose of explaining, enlarging, and amending the said former Act, were read. And

Two Members present informed the Committee, That a great Progress has been made in making the said Canals, but that it might be much more expeditiously and easily compleated if the General Meetings of the Company were held in London or minster only; and if the said Acts were further explained, amended, and enlarged, so» far as regards the Conduct and Management of the Affairs of the said Company.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for varying and extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the forth and Clyde Navigation: And that Sir Thomas Dtuidas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Archibald Edand Lord Frederick Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition; — Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to Clyde Navi- w^om ^ie Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble gation, re. Petition of the Gentlemen, whose Names are there-ported. unto subscribed, Partners in the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the " Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of " the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to " the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called 41 Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of " and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City " of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut or " Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness to join the said Canal at or " near the Place where it will fall into the Frith of " Forth*' was read.

Then, Three several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for explaining, enlarging, and amending the aid first-mentioned Act, were also read. And Mr. Robert Whitworth, an Engineer, being examined, ‘said, That it will be of great Advantage to Trade in general, if the 'Canal was extended from Ddlmuir -foot 'to Bowling Bay, and to have Eight Feet Depth of Water, by which Means Vessels will 'be able to enter the Canal at all Times of Tide, which they cannot do at Dalmuir Burnfoot, where it at present terminates. — And the Witness added, That he has made a Survey, and it is practicable to extend and deepen the Canal as before described, which will be of great Advantage to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorized to be made and maintained by so much of several Acts, made in the Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth,

«hd Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and maintaining

Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir,

in the County of Dumbarton', and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, for deepening the said Cut or Canal, and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates

o #

to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal: And that Sir Thomas Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Archibald Edmotistone, and Lord Frederick Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of Three Birminghtm, Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Ril1 Passe,l" Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from through

Wedntsbury, to High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, and to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the Counties of War- ,

wick and Stafford', and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Trouse Lane, in the Parish of Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of Three Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham, through Wednesbury, to High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Port Way, at the End of Darlaston Lane, next to Bilston, and to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Stafford', and for making and keeping in Repair a. Road from Tirnse Lane, in the Parish of Wednesbur to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Jerome do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Douglas presented to the House, ac- Lauder cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Road Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign *>r*en of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Ro, to the March-burn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be read a Second Tima.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Keybenj the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Bridge Ro*d» passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Rl11 rePortwi- Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the Houses and be read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment? were once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act, Petition; intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from a Place called Little Gate, at the Top q " of

II

i!»

tin

it

.V<

fro

aw

tin

To

for

tfl3

net

fro

ant

jnr

Iff!

for

sill

the

"r

At

wh

(lit

To

the

At

tee

be

E:

to

K

C

SB

sb

Vi

M

Cl

10

as* wl Ct R mi H

I tit

up

sa

R

1)

co

P.

4>

b

f!

fl

if

8

27 Geo. III. 20° Mart563

1

1

" of Leadcnham Hill, in the County of ,to the

" West Iind of Bamby , in Newark upon Trent, ! " and from the Guide Post, at the Division of A'el-

f" ham and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from " Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham,"

was presented to the Douse, and read; Setting forth, That a very considerable Traffick is carried on between the Towns of Nottingham and Southwell, inso much that the Inhabitants of the latter are supplied with many Articles of Consumption from the said Town of Nottinglurm; and that, only about Six Miles of the Road between the said Two Places, are Turnpike, vis. from the Town of Southwell to the Village of and there is a Turnpike Gate on the Road between the suid Two Places, at which, though a very heavy Toll is already taken, it is not more than sufficient for the Purposes to which it is already applied; and that it is proposed to erect another Turnpike Gate near Nottingham, through which all Persons going from Southwell to Nottingham will be obliged to pass, and the same will be extremely burthensome and injurious to the Petitioners, the Inhabitants of South-well, and the Trustees of the said Road: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and either that they will insert a Clause in the proposed Act, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Nottingham to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, whereby all Persons may be enabled to pass through the said Bar, now proposed to be erected, near to the Town of Nottingham, on producing a Ticket from the Bar at Oxton, or, if that should appear on any Account inconvenient, the said Inhabitants and Trustees will chearfully pay an additional Toll, if a Clause be inserted in the said proposed Act, for uniting the Extremity of the said Turnpike, at the Town of Oxton, to the nearest Point of the said proposed Turnpike Road from Mansfield to Nottingham.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Jiichard Sutton, Lon) Edward Bentinck, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Person^ Papers, and Reoords.

CirtNaviga- Mr. Shaw Stewart reported from the Committee, to tion Petition wham the Petitkn of the Magistrates and Town RParttd* Council of the Burgh of Pauley, in the County of Renfrew, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, erf the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; mid that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; via.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Whitworth, an Engineer, being examined, said. That there are several extensive Manufactures carried on in the Burgh of Paisley, to the great Advantage of Persons engaged therein, and of the Public — That 4he River Cart, which runs 'through the said Burgh, and falls into the River Clyde about Two Miles therefrom, is at present only "navigable for small Boats in Floods or Spring Tides,'and even then with much Difficulty and Hazard — That from a Survey, which <the Witness, has lately made, he is of Opinion, that if the said River was properly deepened, from the Sneddon Bridge, at or near the said Burgh, to its Junction with toe River Clyde, and a Canal or Cut made Vol. 42.

past the East End of Inshinnan Bridge, end across the Turnpike Road leading from CKasgow to Greenock, with a Draw-bridge over the same, the Navigation of the said River would become safe and easy, from which great Advantage would be derived, not only to the Trade and Manufactures of Paisley, but to the Country in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council, of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a Navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock:

And that Mr. Shaw Stewart, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. John James Hamilton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming Renfrew the adjourned Consideration of the Motion, made upon Election Friday last, That William MlHawaii, of Garthlatid,

Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his Petition, com- w raW1^ plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Couqty of Renfrew, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Motion.

And John Shaw Stewart, Esquire, the Sitting Member, having, in his Place, acquainted the House, that he consented to the withdrawing the said Petition;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 2d Day of February last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Thursday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said William MiDowall, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry to the Lords the Howh'» ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter John Hosch, wad Mat. BilL desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Pap«n the Directors of the East India Company, attended at relating to the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Mr. H«^ng», sented to toe House, pursuant to their Ordere, prewnted.

N° 1. An Account of the Amount of the Bonded or other Debts due by (the Government of Bengal, on the 1st of December 1781, the Amount of Mis accepted and not paid, and of the Arrears due po the Civil, Revenue, and Commercial Departments ,at the same Period: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Arrears, Civil and Jtfi* litary, due by the Presidencies of Bombay and fort Saint George, on the 1st of December 1781; and also, the Amount of the Bonded or other Pehts due at jthp same Period by each Presidency: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Arrears due to the Army in Bengal and in Oude, on the 1st of December 1781; and also, of the Arrears due to Colonel Muir's Detachment, to the Bengal Army acting under General Goddard in Guzzerat, and to the Bengal Petachment serving under the Command of Colonel Pearte in tba >

Carnatic: And also,

N° 4- Copies of Persian Correspondence between the Nabob of Furruckabad and the Governor General of Bengal, since the 1st of January 1786; and also, a Copy of the Correspondence between Mr. Willis, the British Resident at Furruckabad, and the Government of Bengal, since that Period; And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated the 16th of October 1781;

and from John Macpherson, Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the East Indifl Company, dated in March 1783: And also,

N*6.

20° — 2i°

A. 1787.

N° 6. Copy of Minutes of Warrtn Hastings, Esquire, Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand Seven

and John Macpherson, Esquire, in the Revenue De- hundred and Eighty-seven; and for indemnifying Department, relative to the Increase of the Revenues, puty Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who

dated in December 1782. have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qua-

Together with a List of the said Accounts and lifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time

Papers. limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that

And then he withdrew. Purpose, was committed; the Amendments which the

And the said List was read. Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie directed him to report to the House; and he read the upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, House. with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account; The House being informed that Mr.

Rendezvous from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was Swmennpre- i°; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

sorted. ’ pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Rendezvous established in Great Britain and Ireland for the Purpose of raising Men for the Navy, the Number of Men raised, and Expence incurred, at each Rendezvous, from the 1st of June 1770 to the 31st of March 1771.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the ' Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other 1 Papers of this Session.

Bill relating A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, to Vagrants, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George &'tted.m* ’ the Fifst, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual so m " much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Aime, for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, as relates " to the building and repairing County Gaols; and " also, an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of " the Reign of King W the Third, for the more " effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making " more effectual the Act of the Thirteenth Year of " the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of His Majesty’s Ships of War and Forces by Sea," as gives a discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction; was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cora-: mittee of the whole House.

Resoloed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Waterford Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Postaj^BUl for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of reporl Letters and Packets, between Great Britain and the Port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Way

of Milford Haven, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the several Articles 0D Ph#rS*

; of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Mr. Hitstiop. Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Courtenay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Courtenay reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that ha was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of: the said Articles.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A

P

iii

fa

'id

b

s 0

1 fc

mil

aw

(0

a

Ta

tth

fl

riif

of.

ate*

of

Pe<

is c

the

Crt

l'uf<

on the

the

the

in)

sail

rec

bli

for De in I An pre

V ?

- the elo; with Aii/ the said mini ii0L Incl I ton , and cone Sati<

Insolvent A Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for Debtors Bill- tfje Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases, was, accord-comnutted. s fag to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Militia Pay Mr. John Thomas Ellis, according to Order, re- Bill reported. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the

Mercurii, 21* die Martii;

' '' ’ \

Anno 27® Georgii IlV® Regis, 1787*

1 j

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Keyberry of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Bridge Road* Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, and from the said Bridge to the Paer or Harbour of Torhey, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

tee Airif to n

Ills]

Aim

Ame

W

sevt]

0

iiiur,

:* a

: Pair 11

of if

h

37 Geo. III.

3i

Martti.

5^5

Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant March, represent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, and the said Bill.

Portsea Small Debts Priition reported.

from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do earry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mh Thistlellrxaytc reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Island of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Com- That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

Mr. John Morgan reported frohi the Committee, to Brecon frhom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Boad» an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of reporte<1‘ His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon;" and for amending certairi other Roads in the said County, was committed;

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition , and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio w-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Baker being examined, said, That the Parishes of Portsmouth and Portsea, within the Island of Portsea, arc very large and populous, and being situated near Portsmouth Harbour and Spithead, and Places of great Resort for Shipping; a great Number of People are employed, and a very considerable Trade is carried on — That there are many Persons to whom Mr. Gilbert presented to the According to tyalsull ftoad

the Inhabitants of the said Island are obliged to give Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bill pre-Credit for small Sums of Money, who frequently re- an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign Of His s*nte<* fuse, although well able, to pay*the same, presuming present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road on the Discouragements their Creditors lie under from from to and and to

the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and Leigh Brook and Other Hilt, and several other Hoads, id the Delays they meet with in suing for such Debts in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the ‘L‘ *'----- ’ - - 11 — 1 " Two iirst Districts of Road therein comprized: And the

the Pill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report In his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were OnCe read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bd ingrossed.

Trowel! Inclosure Bill it polled.

the Courts of Law; and that it would tend to pro mote Industry, and support useful Credit, in the said Island, if a more eisy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the same were established.

Mr. Stephen Gasetee confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more' easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Portsmouth and Portsea, in the Island of Portsea, and County of Southampton: And that Mr. Thistlethmiyte and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Medozesreported from the Committee, to w hom

the Bill to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and for Uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill) to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he redd the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier presented to the House, East India according to Order, a Bill to enable the East India Company’s Company to continue their Warehouses already built, ^®re*J°uses and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Di- MnU<£* mensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further " and better Regulation of Buildings and Party " W alls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fife, within the Cities of London and " Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the " Parishes, Precincts, and Places within the Weekly " Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint " bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at " Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders,

" and other Persons, against the Penalties to which " they are or may be liable, for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Papers relat-Copy of the Proceedings in Bengal, in the Month of to February 1784, relative to the Bullock Contract Hastings,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- or *re ' pies of the Letters from the Governor General and Council of Bengal, in their Secret Department, dated the 1 ith of February and 8th of April 1782.

Pawnbrokers Bill com-nulled.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the s6- Ditto to be veral Papers, contained in the Reports from the Select printed.

A Bill for regulating the Trade and Business of Committee appointed to take into Consideration the

Paw nbrokers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow . Vol. 49.

State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, relative to Presents received by Warren Hastings, Esquire, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

7 E Ordered,

56 6 2i° Mar tit.A. 1787.

Ordered \That it be au Instruction to the Gentlemen Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com*, make perpetual an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An make a Motion, when the House will please to receive " Act for further restraining the Negotiation of Pro- the same.

" missory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under That the Report be now received.

" a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain Lord Frederick Campbell accordingly reported from " called England," That they do make Provision in the said Committee, That he was directed by the the said Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in Committee to move the House, That Leave be given the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a jesty, intituled, "An Act to restrain the Negotiation certain Annuity to Sir John Skt/nner, Knight, late " of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty’s Court of Excheunder a limited Sum, within that Part of Great quer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious " Britain called England." Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the

Execution of’ that Office.

Militia Pay An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the And Lord Frederick Campbell moved the House ac- Bill passed. pay atKi Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great cordingly.

Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hun- to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a dred and Eighty-seven; and for indemnifying Deputy certain Annuity to Sir John Knight, late

Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exche-neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualified- quer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious tions to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time li- Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in mited by Law, and for giving further Time for that the Execution of that Office: And that Lord Frederick Purpose, was read the Third Time. Campbell and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do pre-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the pare, and bring in, the same.

Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay

and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great The Order of the Day being read, for the House to British

Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, FisheriesBifl

Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hun- upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made dred and Eighty-seven; and for indemnifying Deputy in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s

Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual En-

neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifica- couragement of the British Fisheries tions to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time li- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-mited by Law, and for giving further Time for that ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Motion to Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the 13th Day of this Instant ‘March, for committing turn th* Coo*

to a Committee of the whole House the Bill for re- v1" Waterford; An ingrossed Bill for granting Rates of Postage pealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and t«o Bills, Postage Bill for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying Neg.

*ass*1' Great Britain and the Port of Waterford, in the King- the said Duties, together with the other Duties com-

dom of Ireland, byWay of Milford Haven, was read Posing the Public Revenue; and for permitting the the Third Time. Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title tl?e Produce or Manufacture of the European Dotni-

be, An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the nions o{ ^e French King, into this Kingdom, might

Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great he read.

Britain and the Port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ireland, by B ay of Milford Haven. A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that Lords, and desire their Concurrence. they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills,

if they think fit;

American A Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for re-

Trade Bill gulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Ma-tommitted. jesty $ Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, . aum*.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ae, erreo' I upon the said Bill. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to j

His Majesty.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way« and n King’s into a Committee of the whole House, to take into ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Message re- Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message, House, to consider Anther of Ways and Means for ^rJohn Monday last, relating to His Majesty’s Recoin- raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. i

SJcynner. mendadon for granting an Annuity of Two thousand

Pounds per Annum to Sir John Skyttner, Knight, late And then the House adjourned till Fo-niorrow Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exche*. Morning, Ten of the Clock,

quer, during the Term of his natural Life.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Com- .

mittee. J°m>

1

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [xhe Maitland-. Tellers forte Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

05,

j 184*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply

Instruction to bring in Promissory Notes Bill.

27 Geo. III. 42°

Jovis, die j

Anna 27* Georgii III*" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

Htrttlswom. 9*0 HN Jacob Her tel took the Oath* appointed, in

J order to his Naturalization.

towlAMtnt A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other I>ords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notity the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City Of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets, and other Places, near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of llarlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to in the County of

Essex;and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping through the Parishes of Bassett,

Bobbmguorth, High Ongar, Chipping and Shel-

ley, to The Four Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence, through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandccille, to the Parish of I Frit tie, in the said County.

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Suirey.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through and Bunvash,

to the Extent of the said Parish of , in the said

County.

Vo L. 42.

Martii \ 56 j

An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing a Road, from the West End of the Bridge intended to be built at or near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of Saundby, Beckinghum, Bole, North Wheat ley, Hay ton, and Clar thorough, to East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, and the Parish of on the Hill, in

the same County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kessingland and Covehilhe, otherwise North Hales, in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow Commons, Lin-chets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground, intermixed with, or adjoining to, the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oij'or

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Graff.

An Act for naturalizing Peter Evei'hard Camper.

An ingrossed Bill to confirm an Agreement for divid- Trowell ia-ing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates flosu" within the Lordship of Trowell, in the County of - passe

ham, and for uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and for uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Medotcs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Brecon of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Roads Bill His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, PassedAn Act for repairing and widening several Rouas in the County of Brecon,'’ and for amending certain other Roads in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the " County of Brecon," and for amending certain other Roads in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. John Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from Richmond the Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the Bridge Cash Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented ^'^ntpre" to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account,

" 1786."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Franklin, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Portage Al-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Sfnt* ‘

L

568 22° Mar Hi. A. 1787,

An Account of the Annual Amount of the Allowance to Masters of Ships, called Portage, for the last Ten Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are the Attorn its thereunto subscribed, being Attornies and Solicitors, of \ orkshire. in jiie Courts of Law and Equity, and re-

sident within the County of York, the City of York, and County of the same City, and the Town of Kingston-upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, before they can be admitted to practise in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Law or Equity, are compelled to serve a regular Clerkship, and to undergo an Examination touching their Capacity for the Conduct of Business in those Courts, and are also subject to many other Regulations established by various Acts of Parliament, which have proved highly beneficial to the Profession at large, and calculated to bind the Petitioners to the due and punctual Performance of their Duty to their respective Clients; and that a Branch of the Profession of the Law, which the Petitioners also carry on jointly with the proper Business of an Attorney and Solicitor in the said Courts, and which consists in preparing and writing Deeds, and other solemn Contracts, for passing and assuring Real and Personal Estates, and Rights and Interests therein, is wholly excluded from the Benefit of the aforesaid Regulations, and may be carried on and practised by Persons of every Description, without any previous Admission or Qualification required by Law, which, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, is attended with Inconvenience and Prejudice, as well to the Parties concerned, as to the Public in general, inasmuch as Persons of mean Fortune, Character, and Education, are thereby permitted , to intrude themselves into that Branch of the Profession; and that the Petitioners contribute to Government by various Taxes imposed by Parliament on the Petitioners in respect of their Admission and Inrolment, as Attornies and Solicitors, in the several Courts above-mentioned, and of their Employment in the ' same, all of which the Persons practising only as Conveyancers are wholly exempt from, whereby the Feta and Profits of Business, to which the Petitioners would be entitled, are diminished, whilst others are admitted to a Participation with them, of a very lucrative Branch of die Profession, without incurring the same Expences, Disabilities, or Burthens; and the Petitioners also apprehend, that the Laws now in Force, for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, may be beneficially amended by the Imposition of an addi-donal Duty on Articles of Clerkship, and by a reasonable Regulation limiting the Time for the Taxation, and securing the Payment of their Bills of Fees and Disbursements: And therefore praying, That the

House will take the Articles above stated, and the Laws* now in Force for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, into Consideration, and that such Regulations may be made for Remedy of the *same as the House shall find proper; and that Leave may be given to bring in One or more Bill, or Bills, for that Purpose, or that such other Relief may be given as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John I-°rd Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac-Skynner’s cording to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to Annuity Bill grant a certain Annuity to Sir John Knight,

presented, Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of

Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secoqd Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House British Fish-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, eries l!l11 upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act made delerrei1, in the Twenty-sixth Year of IIis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the British Fisheries," be now' read.

And the said Order being rehd accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts re-Account of the Value of all Stationary Wares exported laticg to Mr. by the East India Company for the Use of the Public Offices in Bengal, from January 1773 to 1785; 0

distinguishing each Year, as also the Proportions of the said Stationary delivered in each Year to the President and Council, or Governor General and Council, ortothe several Members thereof, if any such Distinction is made in the Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Stationary Wares bought ir> Bengal for the Use of the Governor General and Council, and charged to the Company, from the 1st of January 1773 to the 1st of January 1783; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Secretaries and Clerks constantly and occasionally employed in the several Departments of the Governor General and Council, from the 1st of January 1773 to the 1st of January 1785; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number and Names of the Aides de Camp to the Governor General in each Year, beginning the 1st of January 1774, and ending the 1st of January 1783.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Expence of the Body Guard to the Governor General, from the 1st of January 1773 to the 1st of January 1785; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of the Supreme Court of Justice at Calcutta, as also of all Law Charges to the

7

Company, from the 1st of January 1774 to the 1st of January 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence charged to the Company for the Journey of Sir Elijah Impel/ into the Provinces, in the Year 1781.

Mr. Anstruther reported from the Committee, to Abtrbro-

whom the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town thock Two Council of the Borough of Aberbrothock, was referred; p^JI*Seots That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. *

To prove the Allegations of the sard Petition, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty Kjing George the Second, intituled, An Act for " laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth " Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of " Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale,

" brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the 7 " Town

Paper* relating to Mr. Hastings, ordered.

Committee on American Trade Bill.

Committee on Charge against Mr* Hastings.

27 Geo. III. 220 — 230 Martii. 569

" Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof," was whole House, to consider further of the several Ar-

read. tides of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors

And it appeared to your Committee, That the said against Warren , Esquire, late Governor Gc-

Duties were directed to be applied towards repairing neral of Bengal. or re-building the Harbour, Town House, and Com- Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

mon Prison, and for repairing the Streets and Cause- Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

ways, and carrying on the other public Works and Buildings of the said Town. Then

Mr. John Jack produced a Plan of the said Harbour; and being examined, said, That it is at present in a very bad Condition, and much in Want of Repair: And

A Member present produced a State of the Debt, by which it appeared, that the original Debt at the Time of passing the said Act, amounted to jf. 9,773. 12s. which at Martinmas 1773 was increased to £. 16,244, but that it is now reduced to £. 10,095. — That the gross Revenues of the Town, including the Duties on Ale and Beer, amount to £. 750.; and that the Interest of the present Debt in the Year 1790 will be Five per Cent, at which Time there will be a Defalcation of Duties at present received to the Amount of £. 100. per Annum.

And the said Member informed your Committee, That the Money raised as aforesaid has been duly applied; but that the present Debt cannot be paid off, nor the said Harbour effectually repaired, unless the said Act is further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Abeand Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Anstruther and Sir David Carnegie do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight, the 2d Day of April next

Mr. St. John also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That William Harwood, Esquire, do attend Persons to the said Committee, Tomorrow Morning. attend.

Ordered, That Excan Law, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Alexander Higginso Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Peter Moore, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° die Martii; Anno 27* Georgii III. U Regis, 1787. Prayers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Demand, Receipt, and Balances, of the Districts of Bissinpoor and for Four Years,

commencing in April 1770; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Names of the Farmers or Zemindars, and their Securities, in each of the said Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, in the Year 1780, relative to continuing to Mr. Mackenzie the Opium Contract for One Year, after the Expiration of his Contract in September 1780.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of,

and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the stud Committee.

Mr. Speaker leit the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the V p l. 42.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Fawkeuer’s Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Faw- Divorce Bill kener, Esquire, with Georgiana Ann Poyntz, his now comm, Ue<1-Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 2d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill;. and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Account* the Exchequer, attended at the Door; lie was called presented, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer Duties 00 of the Duties on Canvas and Lawns, granted by an Canvas, &c. Act of the 7th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, from the Commencement of the Duty to the 5th Day of January 1777: And also,

Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer Ccioag* of the Coinage Duty on Wines, for Ten Years end- Duty on ing the 5th Day of January 1787: And also, Wines.

An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts at Public the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, with An- DebtI-nuity and Management payable for the same, upon the 5th Day of January 1787: And also,

An Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from Duties for the 5th January 178 2to the 5th January 1787, of the An Wicsof

7 F several 1758.

Produce of Duties for Payment of Annuities 1778-85-

Amount of

unclaimed

Annuities.

Committee on Charge against Mr. Hastings.

House adjourns to Monday.

Sir J. Skyn-ner's Annuity Bill committed.

570 23 0 Martii. 1787.

several Duties granted for Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1758: And also,

An Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the 5th January 1782 to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1778: And also,

An Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the 5th January 1782 to the 5th of January 1787, of the several Duties for Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1779: And also.

An Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the 5th January 1782 to the 5th of January 1787, of the several Duties granted for Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1780: And also,

An Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the Commencement of the same respectively, to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for the Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1782: And also,

An Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the Commencement of the same respectively to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for the Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1783: And also,

An Account of the Produce in each Quarter, from the Commencement of the same respectively to the 5th January 1787, of the several Duties granted for the Payment of Annuities raised in the Year 1784 and 1785: And also,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1787, over and above the several Sums voted by Parliament, for the Public Service, which have been reserved of the Duties and Revenues granted for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, and which have not been demanded or claimed by the Persons who were entitled thereto for the Lives of their Nominees.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Note, The First of the said Accounts was, by Reason of a Mistake therein, withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House, of the 30th Instant, and another presehted.

The Residue of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against JVarren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jolliffe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jolliffe reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have I^eave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, trt consider further of the said Articles.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir John Skynner, Knight, late Lord Chief

Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Milwich ln-and Waste Grounds within the Manor, or reputed ciosure Manor, and Parish of Mibwich, in the County of coinmme Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gil: bert, Sir Henry Hoghton, Stc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunder Petition written, being Justices of the Peace for the County againstCam-and Town of Cambridge, was presented to the House, I11 and read; Setting forth, That, at a Quarter Sessions held for the said County at Cambridge last,

a Bill for the Recovery of Small Debts in the County and Town of Cambridge was submitted to the Consideration of a very full Bench of Justices, who were of Opinion that such a Bill vvas unnecessary and inexpedient; and the Petitioners finding a Bill for that Purpose is now brought into Parliament, and not having an Opportunity allowed them of reconsidering at their Quarter Sessions the Tendency of such a Bill, are compelled thus to appeal to the House, and request they would not suffer it to pass into a Law, as they are well convinced it will have a very bad Effect, and prove highly injurious to every Rank and Order of Society in the said County and Town.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Cambridge, and the Hundreds of Chesterton, Fiendish, Stable, Nort/i-storw, South or Longstow, Papw Arming-

ford, Triplow, Whittlesford, Chilford, Staplow, Chevely, and Radfield, in the County of

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday, the Nineteenth Day of April next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving^out the Words " Thursday, the " Nineteenth," and inserting the Words " ,

" the Twenty-third," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " -

" day, the Nineteenth," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the

) 46.

Tellers for the Noes,

J

27.

fMr.

’[Mr. Francis:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then, the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday, the 19th Day of April next.

Cambridge Small Debt* Bill deferred

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Americac Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to

27 Geo. III.

23° Martii.

57

I'* [,.

L,f I4

The Lords have agreed to

Birmingham, fcr. Roads Bill.

Chandlers Mat. Bill.

The Lords have passed Graham’s Lstate Bill.

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of Three Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham, through to High

Bullen and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Port Way, at the End of Lane, next to

Bilston, and to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, add and for

making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Trottse Lane, in the Parish of Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chandler; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act! for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Williamston, the Lands of Drumdewan, Lednock, Mansion House of Lednock, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in Favour of, Thomas Graham, Esquire, of Balgmvan, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six; and for vesting in the aforesaid Thomas Graham, and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton, of Blair Lands, of Maws, and others, lying within the aforesaid County of Perth, and County of ForJ'ar; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was rfead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Medera's reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Nottingham to AJdtis/icld, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

British Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

fisheries Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. Upon the Bill to extend the provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vo L. 42.

Nottingham Jtoad Bill reported.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of and under divers Charters, recognized and confirmed by several Acts of Parliament, the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London have had and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the May6r of the same City for the Time being, during the Time . of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about, the Water of Thames, that is to say, from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and towards the East unto London Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called otherwise Yendland, otherwise towards the Sea,

and East, and in Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid; and upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon every Wharf of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about, all and every of them, and also, for all the Time aforesaid, have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the said Office; and that, by reason of the increased Navigation on the River Thames, and the Want of proper Regulations in the mooring and stationing of Ships and Vessels in the Port of London, great Inconveniencies and Loss of Property are sustained by the Merchants and Owners of Ships, and Robberies are frequently committed in the Night Time within the said Port, to the great Prejudice of the Trade and Commerce of the City of London, and the Kingdom in general; and that the Petitioners are advised, and believe, that Regulations are proper and necessary to be made, to remedy those Inconveniencies, and, in order to carry the same into Execution with full Effect, it will be necessary to purchase the Chains for mooring Ships and Vessels in and upon the said River, and to establish a Nightly Watch for the Protection of the Lives and Properties of all Persons concerned in Navigation within certain Parts of the Port of London, and the Petitioners conceive the present Conservatorial Powers are not sufficient effectually to remedy the several Inconveniencies aforesaid; and that a Plan for effecting the before-mentioned Purposes hath been some Time under the Consideration of the Petitioners, and a Treaty for the Purchase of the present Rights of fixing and using Mooring Chains hath been com-

o o o

menced, but such Treaty being unavoidably delayed, the Petitioners were thereby prevented applying to Parliament for an Act to enable them to carry the said Plan and Purposes into Execution, till after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying, That Leave may lie given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purchase of the said Mooring Chains, for regulating the lying and mooring of Ships and Vessels, for the Safety and Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, and for providing and establishing a Nightly Watch for the Protection of Persons and Property, in such Manner, and within such Limits, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered',

Petition respecting Mooring,&c. of Vessels in the Port of London.

57®

23 ° — 26°

A. 1787,

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, In Common Council assembled.

The House being informed that one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purchase of the said Chains, for the better regulating the mooring of Ships and Vessels, for the Safety and Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, and to establish a Nightly Watch for the Protection of Persons and Property, within such Limits, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Neamham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the.Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an p°®a"^ers Account of the Annual Salaries, Emoluments, and India 'Vder- Allowances, made by the East India Company to their ed. '. several Commanders in ' Chief, mentioning them by Name, whilst upon actual Service in the Field, from the Year 1750 to the End of the late War.

Account be- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an tween East Account of all the gross Sums that have been paid by ^an*a and* -E®# India Company to Government, from the Government, Year 1757 to the present Year; distinguishing each ordered. Year, and Article.

Committee to consider of Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Supply

ddurred.

VT iv$ -pd

vNi rn»s lie-feu wd.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of extending the Bounties allowed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of " the British Fisheries."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole How, to consider further of the Supply granted to

II is Majesty.

Roolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 6* die Martii;

Anno 27* Georgii III*" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and Kot keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the >toad. Town of Nottingham to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Medows do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee to Gloucester whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Hoads Bill an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for reP°rle<L repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Reading Powers of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Roads Bill Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering comm*tted-the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, and

Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County ' of Hertford; and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. sittart, Mr. Pye, Sue.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Lauder Road made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Billcom- Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of mitted' Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to The Marchburn, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Douglas, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward Bayntun Roll, Baronet, and Andrew Bayntun Rolt,

Esquire, from a certain Limitation contained in au. Indenture of Release, bearing Date the Twenty-second

Day

27 Geo. III.

26° Martii.

Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phe-lips, Mr. Addington, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

"Vi

West Harp- Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom are Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands within the Parish of I Vest other-

wise West Harptry, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land valued at £. 136 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Land valued at £. 54 per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands having Rights on the said Commons and Wastes is valued at£. 1,450 per Annum', and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

St. James, Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom Vestaiiater, the Petition of the Rector and Churchwardens of the Bnnal Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of ctionre-6" Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the ported. Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report die same, as it appeared to diem, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove die Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Luke Ideson, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, being examined, informed your Committee, That from the great Increase of Inhabitants within the said Parish, the present Burial Ground is much too small — That it is not quite Three Quarters of an Acre, and the Part allotted for the Poor of die Parish is not One Twelfth of an Acre — That it has been used for a Burial Ground One hundred and Two Years next Easter, and is now full of dead Bodies.

That the Petitioners are now upon a Treaty and Terms of Agreement with Sir John Morshead, Baronet, and Robert Thistlethwayte, Esquire, who are Leaseholders for Lives, under the Bishop of London, for the Purchase of their Life Estate and Interest in Six Acres of Ground, in Two Fields adjoining to the Road leading from Tyburn to Bayswater called The Pringle ana The Mead, to be used for the Purpose of a Burial Ground — That the said Bishop of London has also given his Consent diereto, upon certain Terms. — And the Witness added, That the said intended Burial Ground will be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, being situate near to a Burial

Ground belonging to the Parish of George,

Hanover Square, and there being no Buildings upon or near to the same.

A Plan of the intended Burial Ground, was produced to your Committee, by the said Witness.

V oi« 42.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Cemetery, or Burial Ground, for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster:And that Mr. Freeman and Sir Archibald Edmonstone do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of Oxford, was. committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, rela: tive to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Rlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing John Jacob Ho tel, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pye, Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Weston, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Chaldrons of Coals imported into the Port of London, from the 31st Day of December 1785 to the 31st Day of December 1786, inclusive, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing such Duties per Chaldron under the Heads of the. several Acts of Parliament by which such Duties were imposed.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord Frederick Campbell, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of extending the Bounties allowed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the British Fisheries," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Twenty Shillings for every Ton be allowed, for a limited Time, to the Owner of every Buss or Vessel of not less than Fifteen Tons Burthen, built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, the Crews of which shall, between the First Day of January and the Thirty-first Day of December, in the same Year, have taken in the Deep Sea Fishery such a Quantity of Herrings as shall amount, when completely cured, either as White Herrings or as Red, to

7 G the

Coggs Inclosure Bill reported.

Ilertel’s Nat, Bill committed.

Account of Coals imported, presented.

Report relative to Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Committee on British I'isheries Bill.

Secto&iasti-cal Courts £ill deferred.

American Trade Bill "passed.

Petition respecting Plymouth Harbour.

5 74 26° MaA. 1787.

the Proportion of Six Barrels of Herrings for every Ton of her Burthen by Admeasurement, and that a Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel be also allowed on the Quantity of Herrings so taken and properly cured, notwithstanding such Vessel may not have been fitted out with the Quantity of Nets, Salt, and Barrels, required by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled* " An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the " British Fisheries."

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act

for the more effectual Encouragement of the British " Fisheries," is Committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the British Fisheries," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the Third Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the' Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Free Burgesses of the Town of Plymouth was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, was prepared to be presented to the House, stating, that the Isthmus which joins Mount Batten to the Land on the Eastern Shore of Plymouth Sound, has, from the Incroachment of the Sea on the South Side, been considerably reduced, and also from a Sand Bank formed off Mount

Batten, the Harbour of Cat is become in a very ruinous Condition, and that Sutton Pool, which was formerly protected by a Building erected on the Rocks, has, from the uncommon Gales of Wind, been Washed away, and the Shipping and Wharfs have received considerable Damage, and expressing the Hopes of the Petitioners, that Parliament would grant them some pecuniary Aid for securing the said Harbours, but the said Petition could not be presented to the House within the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills, because it was not at that Time ascertained that His Majesty’s Consent would be obtained, which Consent is required, by a Standing Order of the House, previous to the receiving any Petition for any Sum of Money relating to public Service: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present the said Petition, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said several Free Burgesses of the Town of Plymouth.

Then a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners think it unnecessary to represent to the House the very great Importance of the Port of Plymouth to the Commerce of this Country, it being obvious to every One, from its Western Situation, that it must, from the Change of Wind or Accidents, be frequently the Rendezvous of Ships of all Descriptions, coming into, or going out of, the Channel; and that the Sound, where Vessels usually Anchor, to be in readiness to put to Sea, from its open and exposed Situation, and the heavy Sea which falls in with Southerly and South West Winds, is by no Means a safe Situation for Ships or Vessels, particularly those of a small Size, and in order to prevent their going on Shore, they are often obliged to take Shelter in Catwater or Sutton Pool, small Harbours lying directly within the Sound; and the Petitioners, seeing the Necessity of preserving those Harbours, exceedingly lament that they are driven to the Necessity of stating to the House, that they and their Countrymen will be shortly deprived of further Benefit from them, unless they are aided by the Public — That the Isthmus which joins Mount Batten to the Land on the Eastern Shore of the Sound, and which separates the latter from Cutwater, has, from the Incroachments of the Sea on the South Side, been reduced to about Eighty Yards wide, and is every Year considerably decreasing, so that in Time the Sea must certainly make its Way into Catwater, and if ever that should happen, the Harbour would entirely be destroyed; and that in order to secure the Isthmus from the Incroachments above stated, Walls were formerly built opposite to the Sound and Catwater, but from the constant beating of the Sea for a long Series of Years, it has been entirely demolished; and that there is another Impediment, which is a Bank of Sand off Mount Batten, the Southern Part of Catwater, great Part of which it will be absolutely necessary to remote, if not the Whole, in order to deepen the Water that Ships may get in with greater Safety at Low Water, the Bank at present not admitting of their near Approach to it, and at such Times Ships have been driven on Shore in Deadman's Bay, before their Anchors could bring them up; and with regard to (i Sutton

37 Geo. III.

Sutton Pool, which may in Fact be called the Northern Arm of Cutwater, and is a Part of the Property of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Petitioners beg Leave to state that it was formerly secured by a Building erected on the Rocks on the East Side of the Entrance, and which entirely secured the Shipping within from the Inclemency of the Weather, but from the uncommon Gales of Wind which have of late Years prevailed, that Building has been entirely destroyed, and the Shipping, as well as the Wharfs, have received considerable Injury, and have been often totally destroyed; and that, in order to remedy Evils so much to be dreaded by the Commercial Part of this Country, as well as the Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, the Petitioners hope that the House will grant them such pecuniary Aid as will enable them to secure the Two Harbours above-men*

575

tioned from the further Incroachments of the Sea, and to remove the Bank of Sand off of Mount Batten, which if not soon executed wiH not only be the Loss of immense Property, but of the Lives of many of His Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1786; And also,

Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1786. And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

a6° Martii.

Vol. 4*.

ABSTRACT

Surplusses

presented.

ABSTRACT of the

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund -

To Cash remaining the re on the 10th Day of October 1785, for the Disposition of Parliament - 65

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1786; viz1.

£ s. d.

693*639 11 5i

148,21a 15 11

477,403 10 4*

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 Ditto - of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 -

Ditto - of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

L ' <*-

23,041----

4,183----

24,668 3 — £

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 110 Georgii iml

To Monies brought to this Account, on the 5th Day of April 1786, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz1. The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii adi, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2dl 'Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16* Georgii pdi, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ..

Surplus on the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii 2di, and the Arrears of the Duty on Glass granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the same, in Part of /.63,07s. 8*. 8d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the New Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 170 Georgii 3*^, to make the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts To Cash brought to this Fund from the Tax on Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, the Duty on Coaches, &c\ granted by Acts 250 Georgii 3tU, in further Part of /. 22,246, to make good the Loss to this Fund by repealing the Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 3rli, for the Quarter ended tht 10th Day of October 1785 -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21* Georgii 2d4, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2dl - -

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6* Georgii l®1, for the Service of the Year k 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D* -The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl -Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3*11, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

1,3*9,255 17 9i 195 15 1

27,^44 9 4

6,857 —

i®,543 7 4§

3,232-----

~ 102,586 19 — £

L

said Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1786.

Dr.

A.

,1,764

d.

9i

Per Contra - - - ~ - - - .

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of? the Bank of England, to pav Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of £.3. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of January 1786, as well on the Principal Sum of £.37,770,924. if. remaining unredeemed

of £. 39,281,52K 55. !$</. in £.3. per Centum Annuities, consolidated and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of £. 20,150,000, added to the said Remain; viz1. £.2,150,000, pursuant to an Act 16m Georgii 3d1, and £. 18,000,000 pursuant to an Act ai* Georgii 3th - .

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

By Ditto, to pay a Half Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1786, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, as well ou the Principal Sum of £-18,353,773. 16*. 4d. remaining unredeemed of £.19,183,323. 16s. \d. in Annuities, consolidated and charged upon this Fund by Acts 250 Georgii 2di and 5* Georgii 3aVas on the further Sum of £. 18,986,300, which, pursuant to the Acts 33* Georgii 2dl and 20 Georgii 3d1, stood re-: duced to £.3 per Centum per Annum from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 21° Georgii 3U1 is directed to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the said remaining

Sum of £. 18,353,773. \6s. 4</. - -.....-

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1786, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum on £.1,919,600, to fehich £.2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2di, is reduced, by abating from the same £.180,400 subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the-Acts 12°, 14*, and 150 Georgii 3li* ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30 Georgii and charged upon this Fund by an Act 32® Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1786 -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Bene6t of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year I ended the 5th I)ay of April 1786 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted by Acts i# and 2* Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Slock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1786 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, due* the 5th Day of April 1786, as well on the Principal Sum of £.5,000,000, borrowed and charged on this Fund by an Act if* Georgii 3d1, as 611 £.3,000,000, added thereto by an Act li* Georgii 3lii, being the Amount of £.25 per Centum additional Capital, at £.4 per Centum per Annum, granted to the Contributors of £.12,000,000, borrowed pursuant to the last mentioned Act ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time ... By Ditto, to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rale of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on £.5,000,000, borrowed-pursuant to an Act 17° Georgii 3d1, for Half a Year ended the 5th Day of April 1786 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £.4,980,772. 3*. 3 remaining unredeemed of £.5,000,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act 31* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1786 - - t----

‘ cn

c*.

868,813 17 a| 16,21a 7 si

560,101 if

10,501 17 iof

28,794-----

539 >7 9

12,606 13 9

270----

124,125-----

1,745 I® of

l60,000 -

2,250 -

12,500 -

175 15 7l

1,400 16 10

26° Mar Hi. A. 1787*

ia6,63i 17 9

<1

IS

Nl

a

The Duty of 3*. 4 d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2dl The Doty of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act io* Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2*11 -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Sope, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2dl ——

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act 1* Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of /. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of En^and, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2dl The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29* Georgii 2dl -

The additional Duty ou Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2di -The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and Printed Paper, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2dl llie additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like ——

Ditto, of the Duty on Licences to retail -Spirituous Liquors, the like -

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii *di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2*" -To the Income of the Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2* Georgii 3Ui To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2dl and 6° Georgii 3tjl, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6° Georgii 3tU ——

.To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2* Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 241, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° ' Georgii 3ui

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3*", brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3lU To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c\ granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3cii To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like - -

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3* -

4,501---->

<59,384 H *

31,817 7 2f

30,550 -

5,224-----

45,120-----

IO,l66 14

3,423 12 10|

24.997 -

122,951 14 V 22.349 -

>43.72 *-----

26,515----

94.055 -

226,741----

>7.*45 1 8

772-----

54 2 9

By Cash applied in Part of the Sum of £. 148,876. 8*. 7being the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1786, of the Duties granted by the AcU 24° and 25* Georgii g*11, in lieu of the Duties on Tea repealed thereby, to make good so much wanting to complete the several proportional Sums charged on the said Duties, and directed to be carried to the following Funds: Which Deficiency is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament; viz*.

To the Aggregate Fund, in lieu of a Moiety of the Inland Duty on Tea, £. s. d. granted Anno 1745 . - - ----- 65,776 18 64

To the General Fund, in lieu of the other Moiety of D* - - - - 65,776 18 6f

To the 5 and 15 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund granted for Payment of Annuities, established by an Act 19° Georgii $tU, Anno

1/79..... 5,774 3 9$

To the 5 per Centum Excise* Part of the Fund granted for Payment of

Annuities, established by an Act ‘22° Georgii 3tU, Anno 1782 - 5,774 3 9i

---- M3»io2 4 8

143*102 4 8

But the additional 5 per Centum Excise, granted by an Act 21* Georgii 3til, towards the Charge for Annuities established by that Act, being a Part of this Sinking Fund, the proportional Sum applicable thereto is therefore ' not charged hereupon, notwithstanding the same is to be made good with the above Duties - - -- - 5*774 3 n|

148,876 8 7$

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 31° Georgii 2dl, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 3til, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 20* Georgii 3111, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 23° Georgii 3tU, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, ou the 5th Day* of January 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by the Acts 24° and 25* Georgii 3^, which said Deficiency is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ------ 249,688 — 9 249,688 — 9

*3.59® — 9l *3*596 — 9}

54,290 4 io| 54*90 4 *°i

75.036 7i 75,036 a 7$

1*9,337 10 6 119,347 10 6

Total of Deficiencies to be made good to this Fund

- 660,814 8 a|

Cn

va

Vl

37 Geo. III. 26° Martii.

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c*. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6* Georgii 3tU -To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3tU ..

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3* Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3d1 -

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3lli, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3tU -To Cash brought from the Tax on Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, the Duty on Coaches, granted by Acts 25® Georgii 3td, in Part of £.5,422. 5$* to make good the Loss to this Fund by repealing the Duty on Coaches, &c\ granted by an Act 160 Georgii 3lU, for the Quarter ended the 10th of October 1785 To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3lU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to thi« Account pursuant to the same Act To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things, sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 17° and 190 Georgii 3

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3d1 To the Surplus of the Duties upon Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 17* Georgii 3d1 -

To the Arrears of the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act.....*

To the Arrears of the Tax upon all Male Servants,

granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 i* Georgii 3tU -

To Cash brought from the Tpx on Male and Female Servants, in Part of £. 12,750, to make good the Loss to this Fund by repealing the Tax on Male Servants, by an Act 25° Georgii^1*, for the Quarter ended the 10th of October 1785 -

To the additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 210 Georgii 3tU To the additional Duty of £. 5 per Centum on the Produce of the Duties of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursoant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3d1 -To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to other Act 21* Georgii 3d1 -

9,316 10 — f 4,149 11 10$ 3°»953 6 — i

4,906-----

33,075 -

5,082----

21,575 -

25,904----

14,638 15 6 64 4 —

4>H5-----

203,515 4}

36,908 4 —

1,233----

--------- 1,694,332 3

------- "-3,013,783 16

H By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1786, pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 3d1

By Gash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, for the Disposition.of Parliament ——

This being fbe 127th Half Yearly Accompt, 'made of pursuant to an Act 9? Georgii i*1, (Page 367) is humbly presented this 26th Day of March 1787, by me

George Rose.

582,488 15 9i cn 3.037.565 *8 £>l 628,982 — i

3,666,547 18 lo£

1

3,666,547 18

26" Martii. A. 1787.

ABSTRACT of the said Surpasses, stated the 10th Day of October 1786.

D

(Q

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

JO

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund..... Dr.

£. #. d.

To Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of April 1786, for the Disposition of Parliament - 628,98a — |

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1786; viz*.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 ----- 1,041,907 17 i|

Ditto — of the South Sea Company’s Fund brought from Account, Folio 2 ----- 122,788 16 i|

Ditto — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 ----- 454»58i —

1,619,277 13 11£

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported, and undervalued, brought to this Account

pursuant to an Act 11° Georgii iml - 14611

To. Money paid into the Exchequer by Edward Roberts, Esquire, Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells,

Residue of Exchequer Fees applicable to this Fund, pursuant to an Act 230 Georgii 3d1 - - 432 15 7

To D° paid by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on Account of Duties and Penalties not

applicable to any particular Purpose, pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 3^ - - - 492 17 —

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October 1786, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz1.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgia 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2di - -- - - -- 16,817 16 4

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per

Act 16* Georgii 2dJ, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - - 9,062----

To the Surplus of the Arrears of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2dl, and so much of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act *6° Georgii 3d1, as is applicable to this Fund, pursuant to the Acts 250 Georgii 2di and 26° Georgii 3tU - - - 27,3^5 *3

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2d|, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the same, in Part of £.63,078. 8 s. 8«f. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 170 Georgii 3d*, to make good the above Duty on Glass, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts - - - " - ~ - - - 30,620 19 4

To the Arrears of the Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

25* Georgii 2di ..... 158 16 9

To Cash brought to this Fund, from the Tax on Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, the Duty on Coaches, «Vc\ granted by Acts 250 Georgii 3lii, in full of £. 22,246, to make good the Loss io this Fund, by repealing the Duty on Coaches granted by an Act 20° Georgii 3d', for the Quarter ended the loth

Day of October 1785 -.....£. 15,284 — —

To Ditto, brought to this Fund frdm Ditto, for the Quarter

ended the 5th Day of January 1786 - - - 22,246 — —

To Ditto, brought to this Fund from Ditto, in Part of £.22,246, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April

1786^ 18,191 — —

— - — ----- 55>7*i —

Per Contra

C'.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Interest, after the R^ of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1786, as well an the Principal bum of £-87*770,924. 1#. d. remaining unredeemed of £.39,281,521. 5m. 1 id. in £.g per Centum Annuities, consolidated and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of £.20,150,000, added to die raid Remain; viz1. £.2,150,000, pursuant to an Act l6° Georgii 3d1, and £.18,000,000, pursuant to an Act 21*

Georgii 3^.....-

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same'lime -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Hall a Year's Interest, due the 10th Day of October 1786, after the Rate ef £. 3 per Centum per Annum, as well on the Principal Sum of £.18,353,773. 16s. 4d. remaining unredeemed of £. 19*183,323. 16s. in Annui-

ties, consolidated and charged upon this Fund by Acts 250 Georgii 2di, and 5* Georgii 3lii, as on the further Sum of £. 18,986,300, which, pursuant to the AcU 33 Georgii 2di, and 2° Georgii 3di, stood reduced to £. 3 per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 2*° Georgii 3d1 is directed to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the s$id remaining Sum of £. 18,353,773. 16 «. 4 d.

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Yrear's Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1786, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on £.1,919,600, to which £.2,100,000, borrowed on the Credit of -this Fund, by an Act 240 Georgii 2*1, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Arts r2°, 14®, and 150 Georgii 3 d1 -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 2dl, and charged On this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2^, Tor the! Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1786 - -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 7,° Georgii 3d1, for the I Iailf Year ended the loth Day of October 1786 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts 1° and 20 Georgii 3d1,. for 99 and 98 Years, which were made'One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 4* Georgii 3d1, for Three Quarters of a Year, due the 10th Day of October 1786 By Ditto, for Charges df Management of these Annuities for the same Time ——

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year's Interest, after the Rate of £. 4 per

£ ' 868,813 17

>3,032 4 *

560,101 3 ii

8,401 10 4

28,794-----

539 >7 9

12,445 8 9

270 — ___

186,187 >0 —

2,094 >2

27 Geo. III. 26° Martii.

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act ai* Georgii 2dI, for t^e Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii a41- ——

The Duty of 6 d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii i*1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to L>#

The Duty on Licences tube taken out by 5l Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di -Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3UI, and the Arrears of the Duties on Ditto, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

The Duty of 35. 4 d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2ul - - r

The Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act lo° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2dl -/ Surplus of the additional Duty on Sope, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dJ, for raising the Sum of £, 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2di -Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act 1° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28° Georgii 2di -The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 2dI - .

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2dl - - .

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30* Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2di ——

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

The Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like -Ditto - - of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like -To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes, imported, granted by an Act 32° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33° Georgii 2di To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2t)l, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2* Georgii gtU To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33° Georgii 2dl and 6° Georgii 3*", brought to this Account pursuant to the Acts 2 and 6* Georgii 3th -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2* Georgii 3lii -To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3U|, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3lii - - - '

To the additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &ca. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5* Georgii 3lli -To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -To the additional Duties upon Kalian Silk, Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3th -To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c*. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3W - -

T© the additional Duty upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3ta -To the Arrears of the additional Duties on Wines, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 31'1, and so much of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act 26° Georgii 3li% as is applicable to this Fund, pursuant to the Acts 8* and 26° Georgii 3cU

128,190 1 7

3,622 — —

137,610 5

107,612 4 H

7>93* 18

<54.843 10 H

3M25 16 1

11,7*2 11 9

3.797 15 8

38.205 3 6

»o,758 18 !°4

7.942 7 3t

18,053 15 4

156,362 H 10

31,202 — —

188,301 4 4

35,i°9 — —

212,110 —

305,683 —

11,147 17 «i

1.5*5 18 4

— 16 9

12 »7 3

37,132 t

Centum per Annum, due the loth Day of October 1786, as well on the Principal Sum of £, 5,000,000, borrowed and charged on this Fund by an Act I7* Gcotgii~Qtli, &s on £. 3,000,000, added thereto by an Act 2\°Georgii 3W, being the Amount of £.25 per Centum additional Capital, at £. 4 per Centum per Annum, granted io the Contributors of £. 12,000,uoo, borrowed pursuant to the lasUmentioned Act -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time - - - .

By Ditto, to pay Annuities, to continQe for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777* being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on £. 5,000,000, borrowed pursuant to the Act 17® Georgii 3tif; for Half a Year ended the 10th Day of October 1786 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for -the same Time - -

By Ditto, for Changes of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £. 4,980,772. 3*. 3£</. remaining unredeemed of £. 5,000,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of Jul/ 1786 ..

160,000 — — 1,800----

12,500-----

140 12 6

1,120 13 5

Cn

OO

O

By Cash applied in Part of the Sum of £. 84,533* *7*. 11 {d. being the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties granted by the Acts 240 and 250 Georgii 3tU, in lieu of the Duties on Tea, repealed thereby, to make good so much wanting to complete the several proportional Sums charged on the said Duties, and directed to be carried to the following Funds; which Deficiency is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament; vis1.

To the Aggregate Fpnd, in lieu of a Moiety of the Inland Duty on Tea, granted Anno

To the General Fund, in lieu of the other Moiety of Ditto -

To the 5 and 15 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund granted for Payment of Annuities, established by an Act -19° Georgii 3th, Anno

1779. - -....

To the 5 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund granted for Payment of Annuities, established by an Act 22° Georgii 3tU, Anna 1782- - - - . -

£ *. d.

35,39 14 35,390 14 1?

4,584 2 iif

4,584 2 11

79,949 14

But the additional £.5 per Centum Excise, granted by an Act 21° Georgii 3lli, towards the Charge for Annuities established by that Act, being a Part of this Sinking Fund, the proportional Sum applicable thereto is therefore not charged hereupon, notwithstanding

79,949 H 1

26° Martii. A. 1787.

o

t*

4*

to

To the Duties upon Cycler and Perry, granted by an Act 6* Georgii 3m, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 8° Georgii 3tU To Cash brought from the-Tax on Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, the Duty on Coaches, &c\ granted by Acts 25* Georgii 3ia, in Part of £ 5,422. 5#. to make good the Loss to this Fund, by repealing the Duty on Coaches, &c\ granted by an Act 160 Georgii 3tU, for the Quarter ended the loth of October 1785 -

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted by an Act 160 Georgii 3,fl, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -.....- -

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 170 and 190 Georgii 3^ -

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 17* Georgii 3tU -To the Surplus of the Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 170 Georgii -

To the Arrears of the Tax on all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

To the Arrears of the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 21° Georgii 3tU -

To Cash brought to this Fund, from the Tax on Male and Female Servants, in full of £. 12,750, to make good the Loss to this Fund, by repealing the Tax on Male Servants, by an Act 25* Georgii 3d1, for the Quarter ended tho

10th of October 1785 - ---- £. 8,605-----

To Ditto, brought to this Fund from Ditto, for the Half

Year ended the 5th Day of April 1786 - 25,500 — —

To Ditto, brought to this Fund from Ditto, in Part of £. 12,750, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of July

178$.....11,055-----

To the additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 21* Georgii $* -To the additional Duty of £ 5 per Cent, on the Produce of the Duties of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21* Georgii 3tU ——

To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21° Georgii 3tU To the additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii $tU -To the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Scotland, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26* Georgii 3^ -To the Stamp Duties on Perfomery, Hair Powder, &c\ granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 3tU - -

To One Sixth Part of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, granted by an Act 06* Georgii 3lil, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act

4.09$ 7 H

97,*00 7 9 3,696 13 *

21,448-----

>8,209 — 4 16,821 9 4

20 19 ---

22 — &

45,i«o — —

7 5

50,493 16 7$

179 — —

2,681 7 5

197 — —

3,099 — 1,468 --

9,197,454 *1

o

o

o

FT

the same it to be made good with the above

Duties - - - 4,584 3 94

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, ott the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Food for . Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 31° Georgii which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on* the 10th Day of October 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act iti? Georgii 3lli, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out

of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 19* Georgii 3tU, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out

of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, 01* the 10th Day of October 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 3lU, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 22° Georgii 3tU, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 23* Georgii 3tU, which by a Clause in the satd Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by the Acta

84.533 >7 »>i

4£7« 13 >i

73,506 »4 43

35,039 »3 5i

109,198 — 7i

n,!»35 5 i*f

173,121 4 *1

4»97* is l|

73.506 14 4

35,039 13 53

109,198 — 7l

11,235 5 n|

173,121 4 ii

tn

OO

27 Geo. III. 26° Martii.

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

CT

o

o

n

To Monies granted out of the Supply, Anno 1786, by an Act *6® Georgii 3tff, for the

Purposes following; viz*.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by on Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act, made in the igtb Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year

1779 " ~ ....

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the

Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year

1780 -.....- -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year

.. >783 ....

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year

17H: -

To replace to this Fund the Amount of the respective Sums paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Duties granted by an Act of the 24th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing the Duties on Tea, to satisfy the several proportional Sum9, directed by the said Act to be applied to make good the Los9 to sundry Funds, as also to make good to this Fund the Loss dccasioned by the Repeal of the said Duties ....

£ 8. i.

16,588 4 6i

180,357 3

15*991 5 2r

141,864 11 *

36 > >963 3 4

202,581 7 7f

365,719 4i

1 - ~ 1,285,064 1

24* and 25° Georgii 3tlJ, which said Deficiency is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament

Total of Deficiencies to be made good

to this Fund - 774*578 7 2$

By Cash taken towards the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 3tU - - - - 500,000-----

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1786, pursuant to

an Act 26° Georgii 3tU - - -- -- - 628,982 — 1

By Cash taken in Part of /. 2,600,000, granted towards the Supply

of the said Year 1786, pursuant to the said Act 26° Georgii 3"* 1,906,501 13 6£

£5,661,719 5 6J

282,964 17 7 282,964 17 7

cm

OO

This being the 128th Half Yearly Accompt, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii I. (Page 367) is humbly presented this 26th Day of March 1787, by me

George Rose,

K>

Os

c

3}

— 5,032.737 5

5i

C 5,661,719 5 6i

A. 1787.

Persons to attend on Charge 8gainst Mr. Hastings.

Committee on Public Accounts*

Consolidation Bill deferred.

Motion for withdrawing Kirkwall Election Petitions.

Addresses respecting Pensions, 6c c. to Naval Captains read.

27 Geo. III. 26° — 270 Martii. 583

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That William M Esquire, do, upon Friday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That David Anderson, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they

had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he wns directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; and for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed, That Major General Charles Ross, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, Wick, Domock, Tain, and Dingwall, desires to withdraw his said Petition.

The House being also informed, That the Magistrates and Council of the Town or Borough of Dingwall, who have petitioned this House, likewise complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said District of Boroughs, desire to withdraw their said Petition.

And a Motion being made, That the said Petitioners have Leave to withdraw their said several Petitions;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 11th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty, for Pensions to certain Captains in the Navy, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 5th Day of March 1773, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty, for an Addition to the Allowance to several of the Junior Captains and Com-

Vol. 42.

manders in His Majesty’s Navy, for their Support when out of Employment, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the de" whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 27° die Martii;

Anno 27' Georgii III*8 Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Coggs Inclo-Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, sure Hill Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Com- Passed' monable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Com- Petition for monalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Provision in Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Bil(> forth, That the Petitioners have already presented a Petition for a Bill to divide the Parish of Saint James, partly in the City of Bristol, and partly in the County of Gloucester, and for building a Church in the intended new Parish, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard thereto; and Representing to the House, that it is necessary to build a Parson&ge House within the said intended new Parish, for the Use and Benefit of the Minister thereof, and to which the Petitioners and the Inhabitants of the said Parish of are consenting: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for that Purpose in the Bill for dividing the said Parish of Saint James.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Brick-dale, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Graham's Act for settling and securing certain Parts and Por- 1'sta,e ,l*il tions of the Lands and Barony of Witthe commiUed-Lands of Drumdtivan, Lednock, Mansion House of Lednock, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in Favour of, Thomas Graham, Esquire, of Ba/gowan, and the same Scries of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail,

made

5^4

7° Ma

A. t'jS'ji

made ion the Yeat One thousand Seven hundred and in the Course of the Three last Years he has laid Twenty-six; and for vesting in the aforesaid Thomas by about One thousand Pounds Worth of Prints in Graham, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, each Year, which have been rendered entirely useless, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton, of Blair owing to Imitations.

Lands, of Pitmarthly Mews, and others, lying within The Witness then produced ari original Pattehi,

the aforesaid County of Perth, and County of Forfar, upon British Callicoe, paying a high Duty, of his own

j o j Design; and also a Counterfeit of the same; on a coarser

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Cunyngkame, Mr. Anstruther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Herttl’i Nat. Mr. Pye reported from the Committee, to whom the Pill reported. Bill for naturalizing John Jacob Hertel, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

The Lord! have agreed to

Militia Pay BUI.

Cloth, paying a lower Duty. — -The Witness added, That this Pattern was copied and exposed to Sale in Nine or Ten Days: Then,

Mr. Ralph Yates being examined, said, That he is a Warehouseman in , and that the Copy pro-

duced to the Committee by the preceding Witness was sold by him — That he sent the original Pattern to Messrs. Peele and Co. at Bury, in Lancashire, on a the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Saturday, and that he received the Copy on the JV Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the nesday Sevennight following, with Orders to sell it at House, without any Amendment; and he delivered 4*. 6d. per Yard.

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table: Mr. Thomas Browne being then examined, said,

Ordavd, That the Bill be ingrossed. That he is Proprietor of the original Pattern; that it

was sold for 6s. gd. per Yard, and pays a Duty of A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and about 2 per Yard more than the Copy.

Mr. Walker: And being asked. What was the Consequence of

Mr. Speaker, the Copy coming into Town ? he said, He has not

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An sold above One or Two Pieces since it was known Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing the Pattern was copied. — And being_ asked, What

is the Difference in the Value of the Two Patterns of Cloth ? he said, That the original Pattern cost the Manufacturer about 6 d.per Yard more than the

of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; for indemnifying Deputy lieutenants, Copy: Then, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to Mr. Kilburne being again examined, said, That the

transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Cause of the Difference of Price between the original Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, Pattern and the Copy, beyond the 6d. per Yard and and for giving further Time for that Purpose; without 2$ d. per Yard Duty before stated, consists of a Variety any Amendment: And also, of Causes; — First, the Copiers pay nothing for the

Waterford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Designs, which cost the Designers above £. i,oooo per Postage Bill. Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance Year; — Secondly, they execute them in a much in-

of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the ferior Style, and consequently are not at the same

Port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Expence in cutting their Blocks; — and Thirdly, that

Way of Milford Haven; without any Amendment: the Originals are done in Colours which will stand And also, the Wash, and the Copies in some Colours which will

Keyberry The Lords have agreed to tire Bill, intituled, An not wash. — And being asked, Whether his original Bridgeltoads Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed Pattern had ever any considerable Sale? he said. He

1 in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- had every Reason to suppose it would, if it had not

jesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Key- been for the Copy coming out so soon. — And being berry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, and from the asked, If he had any Reason to believe that the rapid said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in Sale of the Copy prevented the Sale of his Original ? the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And be said, Certainly: Then,

also, Mr. Yates being again examined, said, That he ex-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An posed to Sale last Saturday (which was the Second Act for naturalizing Peter John Hosch; without any Day of the Sale) a Dozen Pieces of the Counterfeit

Itosch’s Nat. Bill.

Amendment.

And then, the Messengers withdrew.

Pattern, of which not Five have yet been sold; it was objected to, because the original Pattern was not approved of; the Drapers would not, therefore, buy either. — And being asked, Whether, at the Time the original Pattern was offered for Sale, the Price of Callicoes was not at an unusual high Rate ? he Artists, Designers of Drawings, Engravers, and other replied. They were not; that at the Time the ori-

rialiiroe Mr. Alderman Neamham reported from the Com-Paitmn’&C' to whom the Petition of several Persons whose

ported.11 rC" Names are thereunto subscribed^ Callicoe Printers,

Proprietors of original Patterns for printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. tFilliam Kilburne being examined, said, That he is a Callicoe Printer, at WalUngton, in Surrey; that he designs his own Patterns, and that, out of a Number of Patterns which he has produced for the Approbation of the Public, many have not met the Taste, by which he sustains a considerable Loss; of those which are

ginal Pattern was put out to be printed, Callicoes were then at a higher Price; Three Pieces only of the First Dozen were exposed to Sale. — And being asked, Whether the Sale of a few Pieces, of a good Pattern ill executed, does not injure the Sale of the original Pattern altogether ? he said, It was quite the Reverse, because it establishes the Credit of the One, and the Disrepute of the other. — And being asked, Whether he ever copied any Pattern of Mr. s

that had a rapid Sale? he replied, He could not then recollect an Instance. — And being asked, Whether he could recollect how many of Mr. Kilburne % Patterns he at different Times has copied ? he answered, He could not — supposes Ten may have been copied — does not think Fifty. — And being asked,

approved, he is entirely cut off from any Share of Whether it was the Practice of the Trade to copy ori Prpfit, owing to such Patterns being immediately ginal Patterns as soon as they came out, if they are copied upon coarser Cloth and bad Colours — That good Patterns ? he said, It was; and has been a

general

2y Geo. III.

general Practice. — And being asked, Whether it has come to his Knowledge, in the Course of his Business, that the Patterns drawn in the Country have been copied by the Printers in and about London? he replied, That he did not recollect any Instance of it.- — And being asked. Whether the Price for cutting Patterns is higher in Town or in the Country ? he said, Certainly higher in Town. — And being asked, Whether the Patterns cut in London are not, in general, superior to those cut in the Country ? he said, It was so in some Instances: Then

Mr. Kilbume being again called, was asked, What is meant by an original Pattern? he replied, That it is an Assemblage of Flowers or Fruits placed in a Variety of Colours, so that they shall strike the Trade as something new, and not seen before: It never occurred to the Witness, in the Course of his Business, that Two Draftsmen, or Men of Genius, ever by Chance produced any Thing to prevent the Sale of each other’s Patterns. — And being asked, Whether the Draftsmen do not sometimes sell the same Patterns to Manufacturers in different Parts of the Kingdom? he said, Not to his Knowledge; that if they did, it would ruin them as Draftsmen, and no One would afterwards so employ them. — And being asked, Whether he has not sometimes taken Patterns from Foreign Manufactures? he said, He has frequently taken Hints from them to improve his own Manufacture; that he never considered such Patterns as original. — And being asked, How many of the original Pattern produced to the Committee have been sold? he said, About Twenty; he speaks from Information received from Mr. Browne. — And being asked, If there was not a considerable Expence in cutting the Pattern? he said, A very considerable One; in the Manner we do it, we pay from £.10 to £. 20 in cutting a Pattern. — And being asked, If the Pattern was to be equally well executed, would not the Expence be as great, of getting it executed, in the Country ? he said, It would not be so great, because in the Country nothing is paid for the Design. — And being asked, How low the lowest Pattern costs him in cutting? he said, About Fifty Shillings. — And being asked, Whether all the Colours he makes use of will stand the Wash? he said, That when a Copy is made from a Foreign Design, some of the Colours will, and some will not, stand the Wash. — And being asked, How many Draftsmen there are in London who draw original Patterns? he said, He did not know. — Then the Witness was asked. How many Master Printers in London draw their own Patterns ? he said, About Five or Six; and that Three of the Petitioners draw their own Patterns.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Alderman Newnham, Sir Joseph and Mr.

Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Wb*at, Bar- Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported iw't^Und" from County of A from the Year 1780 to

imported 1inclusive, to what Port or Place, and the Bounty

wdered.' paid thereon; also, an Account of all Wheat, Barley,

and Malt, sent Coastwise from the said County, and to what Port or Place, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each Year, and from what Port or Place within the said County the same was exported or sent Coastwise; likewise, an Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Barley imported into the said County, from the Year 1780 to 1786 inclusive, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon in each Year, and into w-hat Port or Place within the said County the same was imported.

Vo L.42.

585

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported from the Port of Wisbech, in the County of Cambridge, from the Year 1780 to 1786 inclusive, to what Port or Place, and the Bounty paid thereon; also, an Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, sent Coastwise from the said Port, and to what Port or Place, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each Year; likewise, an Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Barley in)ported into the said Port, from the Year 1780 to 1786 inclusive, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon in each Year.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fol- Papers rela-lowing Letters and Papers, relative to Presents re- tive to Pre* ceived by Warren Hastings, Esquire, be printed, as by^Mtost-shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the jngS, to be House. printed.

Mr. Hastings's Letter to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated Fort William,

29th November 1780, and the Court of Directors Reply to that Letter, dated 2.5th January 1782; Mr. Hastings's Letter to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, dated Patna, 20th January 1782, and the Court of Directors Reply to that Letter, dated 15th January 1783; Air. Hastings's Letter to the Court of Directors, of the 22d May 1782, with the Account which accompanied that Letter, and Mr. Hastings's Letter of the 16th December 1782, yith Air. Larhins's Affidavit inclosed in the Letter, and the Reply of the Court of Directors to those Letters, dated 16th March 1784;

Air. Hastings's Letter to the Court of Directors, dated 21st February 1784; Air. Hastings's Let-

ter to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated 17th January 1785, when lie delivered up the indorsed Bonds for Five Lacks and Six thousand Current Rupees, and the Letter of the Governor General and Council to the Court of Directors, of the 31st 178.5, informing them of the Transaction;

Air. Hastings's Letter to Devaynes, Es-

quire, dated Cheltenham, 11th July 1785, in Reply to the Court of Directors Letter of the 16th March 1784; the Letter of William

kins, Esquire, to the Chairman of the Court of Directors, dated the 5th of August 1786, and the Account accompanying it.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to Fisheries Bill whom the J Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, reported, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more cftectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had madfe to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to; by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Air. from papers, &c.

the Directors of the East India Company, attended at relating to the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Mr. Hastings, sented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, pi evented.

N° 1. Extract of Bengal Revenue Consultations of the 28th January 1775, 2,5th July 1777, 20U1 October

1778, 19th January 1779, an(I 20th March 1770,

7 K relative

270 Martiu

S»6

7° Ma

A. 1787.

relative to farming of the Lands and Appointments in the Provincial Councils: And also,

N° 2. Extract of Bengal Revenue Consultations of the Year 1779, relative to the Grant of the Zemin-dary of Baharbmd to the Son of Cantoo Baboo: And also,

N° 3. Extract of Bengal Revenue Consultations of the Year 1779, relative to the Reduction of the Jumma of Burdwan: And also,

N° 4. Extract of Bengal Revenue Consultations of 17th March 1775, relative to the Farms held or relinquished by Cantoo Baboo: And also,

N° 5. Extract of Bengal Revenue Consultations of 8th October 1776, and 5th and 26th September 1777, relative to the Balances remitted to the Rajah of And also,

N° 6. Copy of Petition from , en-

tered on Bengal Revenue Consultations the 16th December 1777: And also,

N° 7. Copy of Proceedings of the Governor General and Council in the Year 1784, relative to the Bullock Contract: And also,

N° 8. Copy of Letter from the Governor General and Council, in their Secret Department, to the Court of Directors, dated nth February 1782: And also,

N° 9. Copy of Letter from the Governor General and Council, in their Secret Department, to the Court of Directors, dated 8th April 1782: And also,

N° 10. Copy of Proceedings of the Governor General and Council, in the Year 1780, relative to continuing the Opium Contract to Mr. Mackenzie for one Year, after the Expiration of his Contract in September 1780: And also, »

N® li. An Account, Settlement, Collections, and Balances, of the Revenues of the Bahar Province (exclusive of the Districts under Mr. Charles Graeme) for the Four Years, commencing in September 1779, distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 12. An Account of all the Gross Sums that have been paid by the East India Company to Government, from the Year 1757 to the present Year; distinguishing each Year, and Article: And also,

N° 13. An Account of the Expence of the Supreme Court of Justice at Calcutta, as also of all Law Charges to the Company, from the 1st of January 1774 to the 1st of January 17S5: And also,

N° 14. An Account of the Value of all Stationary

" An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act,

" made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen " Anne, for the reviving and continuing several Acts " therein mentioned, as relates to the building and " repairing County Gaols; and also,- an Act of the " Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King " William the Third, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the " Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King " Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better " Government of his Majesty’s Ships of War and " Forces by Sea," as gives a discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants and other Criminals,

Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pye took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pye reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts re-Account of the Debt of the East India Company, in speeting the Gross, from the Year 1770 to the Year 1775; from c^p^y 1775 to 1780; from 1780 to 1785; and from 1785 to ordered, the present Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a gross Account of the Revenues of the East India Company, from 1770 to 1775; from 1775 to 1780; from 1780 to 1785; and from 178.5 to the present Year.

Ordered, That there be Paid before this House a gross Account of the Civil and Military Expences of the East India Company, from 1760 to 1765; from 1765 to 1770; from 1770 to 177.5; from 1775 to 1780; from 1780 to 1785; and from 1785 to the present Year.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing Account* the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Expence of the Impress Impress Service, during the last War; distinguishing each Service.

Wares exported by the East India Company for the Year, also distinguishing the Expence at each of the Use of the Public Offices in Bengal, from January '773 to January 1785; distinguishing each Year, as also the Proportions of the said Stationary delivered in each Year to the President and Council, or Governor General and Council, or to the several Members thereof: And also,

Sea Ports, and the Number of Men procured Annually from each; also the Expence of transporting the Men to the Ships they were employed to man, and of maintaining them till that Time, and the Number of Officers and Seamen employed in the Impress Service, and Amount of their Pay and other Allowances; also

N° 15. An Account of all Stationary Wares bought an Account of the Bounties paid during the last War

in Bengal for the Use of the Governor General and Council, and charged to the Company, from the 1st of January 1773 to the 1st of January 1785; distinguishing each Year.

Together with a List of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a N umber of Copies of the said Papers and Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of Men who Seamen who died after they were impressed, and before they were died afte'‘ put on board the Ships in which they were intended imPresse to serve; distinguishing each Year, and the Places where they died, from the Beginning to the End of last War: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Men who Seamen who deserted from His Majesty’s Sea Service during the deserted-last War; distinguishing each Year, and the Ships and Stations of such Ships from which they so deserted:

And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Number of Protections Protections granted to Seamen, or Seafaring Men, against being granted to impressed, during the last War; distinguishing each Seamen-

Committee on Bill relating to Vagrants,&c.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Year, and the Fees paid for such Protections: And also,

N® .5. An Account of the Number of Protections a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ex- granted to Seamen, or Seafaring Men, employed in plain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth the Department of the Commissioners of the Navy, Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, against being impressed, during the last War; distin-

3 guishing

Warrant

Officers

Widows.

370 Martii. 587

27 Geo. III.

guishing each Year, and the Fees paid for such Protections: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Number of Protections granted to Seamen, or Seafaring Men, employed in the Victualling Department, against being Impressed, during the last War; distinguishing each Year, and the Fees paid for such Protections: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Number of Widows of each Rank of Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, entitled to the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, distinguishing the Classes to which they belong; together with an Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow of each Class, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1786, inclusive, distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the Application thereof.

Together with a Schedule of the said Accounts.

And the said Schedule was read.

The Six First of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session, and the last of the said Accounts is as followeth; viz.

Admiralty Office, 27th March 1787.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Widows of each Rank of Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, entitled to the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, distinguishing the Classes to which they belong; together with an Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow of each Class, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1786, inclusive, distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the Application thereof: Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 19th March 1787.

Number of Widows entided to the Pension which became due 31st May 1786.

# Rank. Number. Total Number.

Boatswain - 220 — >

Gunner - 194 —

Carpenter - 185 — 1 774.

Purser - 9c - /

« Surgeon - 72 —

Second Master - 7 — J

An ACCOUNT of Money paid to each Widow, of the Class under mentioned, from the Year 1780 to

the Year 1786 inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Boatswains, Gunners,

Carpenters, Pursers, Sur-

Years. geons, and Second Mas-

ters. i

£ a.

1780 - 20 —

1781 20

1782 , 20 — —

17S3 20 — —

1784 20 — —

1 1 1 \r> CO 17 ~ ~

1786 11 8 —

Vol. 42. ' An

588

2 7 Mar

A. 1787.

An ACCOUNT of the respective Sums that have been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the

Application thereof, in the Years under mentioned.

Years, Sums Annually reserved of the General Fund for paying the Commission as well as Warrant Officers Widows. Application of the Sums reserved.

1780 - £ . d. 3,597 1 3 Carried to the Amount of Money received in the succeeding Year.

1781 - 8,517 13 7 - - - £.8,000 laid out in the Purchase of £. 13,973. 16, Three per Cent. Bank Annuities, for the Benefit of the Widows; the Remainder carried to the Amount of Money received in the succeeding Year.

1782 - 4,651 — 11 Carried to the Amount of Money received in the succeeding Year.

1783 - 11,946 2 — - - £-3,849 laid out in the Purchase of £.6,026. 4, Bank Annuities, to compleat the Stock before purchased to £. 20,000; and £. 8,000 laid out in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, for the Benefit of the Widows; the Remainder earned to the Amount of Money received in the succeeding Year.

1784 Nothing reserved; the Amount of the Pensions, owing to the Number of Claims made after the First Payment, exceeding the Annual Revenue, with the Addition of the Money arising by the Sale of £. 8,000 invested in Exchequer Bills, and £. 4,000 of the Bank Annuities above-mentioned.

1785 - 1,540 1 4$ The Remainder of the £. 20,000 Bank Annuities above-mentioned having been sold, this Sum was reserved and carried to the Amount of Money received in the succeeding Year.

1786 - 9 15 To be applied towards paying the Pensions for the present Year.

vd'Jc

m

isrtOot

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Table.

Petition respecting Insolvent

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and others under the like Situation and Circumstances, was presented to Debtors Bill. t|ie House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been arrested for Debts, which they were unable to pay, and committed to Prison, many of them having suffered Six, and others Twelve Months Imprisonment, or more, and afterwards obtained their Liberty on Account of their Plaintiffs either not declaring against them in due Time, or of Delay or Error in the Course of the Proceedings, by obtaining a Supersedeas of such Actions; and that such Discharge by a Supersedeas is only a temporary Relief, for, by Law and Practice, the Petitioners, and all others under the like Circumstances, are still liable to be proceeded against to an Execution for Payment of such Debts, and if the Insolvent Bill now depending in the House should pass into a Law, without including the Petitioners, they will then be at the Mercy of their Creditors, without any future Prospect of Relief, and, to avoid the fatal Consequences of Executions against them, must necessarily be obliged to leave the Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and admit them to the Benefit of the said Insolvent Act, under such Conditions as may be deemed necessary, or to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for on Insolvent the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Debtors Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to on Sir John enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir ^ky'iner’s , John Skynner, Knight, Tate Lord Chief Baron of His Annu, ty Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee,

7 Geo. III. 270 M. 589

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report -be received Tomorrow Morning.

Account,&c. Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-

P*e,lted- suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Ann y An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army,

Extias* incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay-

master General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 17S5 to the 24th of December 1786, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

BttfPay. Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1787: And also,

Chdwa Out Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Penttoners. Hospital, for the Year 1787.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In*Pensioners of Chelsea In-Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hos- Pensioners, pital, for the Year 1787: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances Half Pay. to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1787: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced D\ Officers of the late Scots Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1787: And also,

Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of the British and British and Irish Establishments of several Battalions bUshnwot" and Companies of Foot, for the respective Times therein 8 mentioned, in the Year 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Pensions to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year Widows. 1787.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were read.

The said Account and Estimates are as followed); viz.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1785 to the 24th of December 1786, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

> i ....

Dates of Warrants.

1786. January 25th.

February 14th. April 28th.

May 23d. June 27 th. 28 th. August 20th. November 3d.

21st

Decemberi 2th.

January 7th.

Vo 1. 42.

To Thomas Everett, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 5th of September and the 2d of October

1785 - - ----- - 2,700 7 3

To D°, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, between the 3d and 30th October 1785 - 2,737 *7 3

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 31st October and 27th November 1785 - 2,881 7 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, between the 28th November and 25th December 1785 - 2,848 19 10

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 26th December 1785 and 22d January

1786 - - ... - - 2,851 8 3

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 23d January and 19th February 1786 - 2,848 5 3

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 20th February and 19th March 1786 - 2,841 12 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 20th March and 16th April 1786 - - 2,839 7 10

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 17th April and 14th May 1786 - - 2,844 1 3

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 15th May and 11th June 1786 - - 2,843*11 10

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 12th June and 9th July 1786 - - 2,814 13 8

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 10th July and Gth August 1786 - - 2,814 3 5

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 7th August and 3d September 1786 - 2,814 15 10

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 4th September and 1st October 1786 - 2,793 3 10

39.473 14 6

To Messrs. John Turnbull, Thomas Gregory, and George Mackenzie, Macaulay, upon Account, for Provisions delivered at Quebec and Montreal, for the supplying the Troops at the OutPosts, and for D® delivered in Canada for the Use of the Loyalists - - - 11,635 4 6

To D®, upon Account, for Provisions delivered at S'

John's, Newfoundland, for the Use of the Troops there, and for D" delivered at Halifax and Shelburne, in Nova Scotia, for the Use of the Loyalists - 5»°35 4

To D®, upon Account, for Provisions delivered at Quebec and Montreal, for the Use of the Troops, and

7L

other

Army

Extras.

59°

Dates of Warrants. 1786.

February 4th.

370 Martii.

a.1787.

April 28th.

May 16th. June 6th. 19th. August 20th. September ad. October 26 th.

November 3d.

3°th.

December 12 th.

other Services, from the 1st of August to the 24th of October 1785 -

To Messrs. John Turnbull, Thomas Gregory, and George Mackenzie Macaulay, upon Account, as an Advance for Provisions sent by them to Nova Scotia, for the Use of the Loyalists -

To D8, upon Account of their Contracts for supplying Nova Scotia and Canada -To D*, upon Account, for Provisions shipped by them for the Use of the Loyalists in D8 -To D8, upon Account, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Troops and Branches depending on the Army at Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th October and 24th November 1785 To D8, upon Account, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Troops in the West Indies -To D\ upon Account, for D8 delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia -To D8, upon Account, for D8 delivered for the Use of the Troops in the West Indies -To D8, upon Account, for D8 delivered for the Use of the Loyalists in Nova Scotia - -

To D°, upon Account, for D° issued and delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia -To D8, upon Account, for D8 issued for the Troops stationed at the Out Posts in Canada, between the 24th April and 24th July 1786 -

To D\ upon Account, for D° delivered for the Use of the Loyalists in Canada -To D°, upon Account, for D8 issued and delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia - -

To D8, upon Account, for victualling the Troops at Quebec and Montreal, between 25th May and 24th June 1786- -

To D8, upon Account, for victualling D% between the 2,5th June and 24th July 1786 -

To D8, upon Account, for victualling D*, between 25th July and 24th August 1786 - -

2,59* — 2

10.000 — —

13.000 -

3,726 — 2

st,432 7 6 2,563 1 9

3,652 19 4 5,404 4 2 7,647 17 11 10,514 14 6

12,735 8 10 5,308 18 7 9,459 11 2

823 13 8 791 18 —

826 9 —

April 5th. To Messrs. Neave and Aislabie, for Provisions, Tools, and Implements of Husbandry, &c8. shipped for Dominica - - 6,319 4 6

November30th> To D°, for the Expences attending the Purchase of

Medicines shipped for D8 - - - 89 11 9

August 20th. To Mrs. Elizabeth Budd, upon Account, for Provisions laid up in Store

in the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey - 1,505----

December 9th. To D8, upon Account, for keeping up Provisions in

D* Islands ----- 226 9 7

1785-May 31st

To Colonel Birch, of the 17th Regiment of Light Dragoons, for Contin-

gencies while in North America -- - - 184174

July 4th. To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, for the Balance of their Account for victualling 900 Men in Canada, pursuant to Contract, dated 19th January

1782 ---- 391 18 11

November 4th. To Messrs. Fitter and Croasdaile, for Losses of sundry Officers of the late 91st Regiment of Foot, by the Hurricane at S'Lucia, in the Year 1780 - - 115 12 6

10th. To Captain ArchiCampbell, for the Equipment of a , Troop of Light Dragoons raised in Georgia, and Dif-

ference of Pay as Lieutenant of Foot and Captain of Dragoons, from April 1782 to December following - 183 17 10

Deoember27th. To RichJ Portlock, late a Soldier in the 7561 Regiment

of Foot, for undrawn Rations at Goree - - - 4 8 10

29th. To Bernard Macnamara, Lieutenant of Invalids, as a Compensation in lieu of Pay and undrawn Radons, for the Offices of Provost Martial and Commandant’s Clerk, in the Province of Senegambia, during the late War . - too----

108,149 5 7

6,408 16 3

i,73i 9 7

To

aj Geo. III. 270

Dates of Warrants.

1786. January 9th.

February 4th.

8th.

13 th.

14th.

21st.

23d.

March 3d.

20 th. April 8th.

May 3d.

11 th.

15 th-

17th.

Vol. 42.

T° rfmm Burroughs, One of the Executors of Aiithony Clarke, and Attorney to Richard Bridgewater Brnrey, for Medicines furnished to the Regimental Hospitals, in the Islands of S' Christophers and Antigua, between the 14th January and the 21st April 1780 - - . _ _

To David Healey, for a Balance due to him for pay, as

a Soldier in the Regiment of Irish Volunteers in JN orth America, from the 20th February 1780 to 30th November 1783 - - t.

To Captain R. Clements, of the 8 th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained by him by the Three Sisters Transport foundering on her Voyage from India

Brunswick, to be paid over to several Officers of his Troops, late in His Majesty’s Service, who were taken Prisoners of War at Bennington and Freeman s Farm, in America, for Bat and Forage Money To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, for the Balance of their Account for furnishing Provisions for Supply of the Troops stationed in West Florida, pursuant to Contracts, dated loth February 1775, and 22d

July .1778- -....

To the Right honourable Henry Treasurer of the Navy, upon Account, for Provisions supplied to Lieut. Col. Cowrie, for the Use of the Indians on the Musquito Shore, by Mr. JVm Purser of

His Majesty’s Sloop the Ariel - -

To James Bogle French, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for furnishing Rum for the Supply of the Forces in America -To Jacob Jordan, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for furnishing a Carriage Train for the Service of the Army commanded by Lieut. General John Bufgayne, in the Year 1777 To Lieut. Col. Delancey, Adjutant General in North Aiherica, for Expences for an Office, and Pay of Clerks, incurred by him in the Employment committed to his Care of adjusting Military Transactions relative to North America, from 1st February 1785 to ,5th January 1786 -

To Col. A lured Clarke, for the Balance of his Account,

as Commander Of the Forces in Georgia and East and West Florida, between the 26th May 1780 and the 30th June 1782 - -

To Captain Henry Chadds, of the Navy, late Agent for Transports in America, to reimburse the Expences incurred by him, in an Action brought against him for Demurrage of the Ship Carron, employed in His Majesty’s Service in the Year 1783 -

To Lieut. Charles Shipley, on Account of a Balance due to him, as late Commanding Engineer in the Leeward Islands - -

To Edward Pole, Esquire, late Major and Paymaster to the late 89th Regiment of Foot, serving in the West Indies, for sundry Contingent Expences incurred by him for the Use of the said Regiment To Messrs. Meyrick, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 4f>th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses they sustained in the Hurricane at St. Lucia and Barbadoes, in the Year 1780 - - - "

To Robert Gilmer, late a Serjeant in the Queen s Rangers Provincial Regiment in America, for Services performed by him, in carrying Dispatches from General Burgoyne, and by Way of an Allowance during the

Time he was a Prisoner of War -

To Henry Webb, Esquire, late Captain in the 85th Regiment of Foot, for Expences incurred by him, for the Hire of a Vessel to carry a Body of Troops Prisoners of War, under his Charge, from Providence

to NeiV York - - - . " " *

To General Armstrong, to reimburse him for the ray of sundry Supernumeraries of the 8th Regiment of Foot, from the 25th June 1783 to 24th December following -

212 14 4

*4 15 9 30 13 —

1,367 2 6

1,105 10 8

127 8 —

29 2 6

924 14 2

254 1 — 564 2 10

69 13 8 200-----

94 18 4

67 14 3

74 n —

94 17 —

1,389 5 —

591

Army

Extras.

To

﻿Amy

Extras.

59a

27° Mar tit.

Dates of Warrants*

A. 1

1786.

May 23d. To Robert Gardiner, late Corporal in the British Legion, for the Amount of Stoppages, for Provisions made from his Pay during the Time he was a Prisoner in America -

To several Officers and others of the King’s Rangers, and North and South Carolina Regiments,. for 165 Days Forage Money to the End of the Year 1783 -25th. To Lieut Edo/1 Broughton Forster, of the late 86th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained at the Capture of the Island of Tobago, by the French, in

June 1781....

June 3d. To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for sundry Articles shipped by him, for Presents to the Indians in Canada 14th. To Sir G. A. Eliott, K. B. for the extra Contingent Expences of the several Regiments of Foot at Gibraltar, from 25th June to 24th December 1785 -sist To Captain C. F. Scott, of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, for Expences incurred by him, in repairing the Barracks at Port Royal, Jamaica, in the Year 1780

27th. Io Lieut. Alex' Sutherland, for Contingencies, on Account of the Royal Fencible American Regiment *

To Thomas Halliburton, for sundry Articles supplied by him to the Engineers Department, at St. Eustatia 28th. To Lieut. Col. Delancey, Adjutant General in North America, for the Contingent Expences incurred by him, in the Employment committed to his Care, of adjusting Military Transactions, relating to North America -

To Lieut Simon Mackenzie, of the 1st Battalion of 73d Regiment of Foot, for the Expences attending the Cure of a Wound received in storming the French Lines in the East Indies -July 5th. To General Armstrong, for Cloathing sundry Supernumerary Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 8th Regiment of Foot -10th. To James Rivington, Printer, at New York, for Stationary, Printing, and other Articles furnished for the Use of the Officers of the Secretary to the late Commander in Chief, and Adjutant General at New York, in the Years 1782 and 1783 -

27th. To John Wilson, late Lieutenant of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for the Expence of his Passage from the Bahama Islands, where he was employed in the Year 1783, by Order of Sir Guy Carleton -28th. To the Reverend Geo. Maclellan, Brother, and Heir at Law, to the late Captain Dunbar Maclellan, for the Loss he incurred by the Swift Armed Victualler being burnt at Sea, on her Passage to Quebec, in the

Year 177b....

August 7th. To the Agents of several Regiments, to reimburse the Losses of sundry Articles of Necessaries sent from New York, in the Year 1783, for the Use of Prisoners of War in different Parts of America, and which were seized by the Americans, on their Passage 22d, To Lieut. Newton Treen, of the late 100th Regiment of Foot, for sundry Losses incurred by being captured and plundered by the Mahrattas, between Tillichery and Bombay, on his Passage to England with Dispatches, in the Year 1783 -To Captain Donald of the late Carolina

Rangers, being His Majesty’s Bounty, for the Loss of his Arm, by Wounds he received in America September 2d. To Alexander Paterson, for the Loss of a Vessel im-prested into His Majesty’s Service, at St. Augustine, in the Year 1778, by Order of the late Major General Provost -

To Wm Pollock, Esquire, for sundry Articles for Presents to Joseph Brandt, an Indian Chief, and for his Passage to Quebec -

20. To Sir G. A. Eliott, for extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments in Garrison at Gibraltar from 25th December 1785 to 24th June 1786 -

4 9 —

372 14 6

34 14 — 14,530 -

47 14 11

»3 3 2

3M 2 7

184 12 7

120 11 —

101 — —

374 19 —

606 12 5

44 12 6

110 17 —

825 5 5

45 5 -

182 10

83 10 —

169 17 7

43 9 3

27 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1786. October 17th.

24th.

November 3d.

6th.

17th.

29th.

Date of Secry at War's Letter,

November 1st.

Dates of Warrants.

1786.

March 10th.

November 24th.

March 3d.

August 22d.

Vol. 42.

III. 270 Martii.

To Lieut. Tin/ Trollope, for the Balance of his Account,

as Secretary to Major General Massey, Commander of the Forces in Nova Scotia, from ,>th March to 30th June 1778 -

To Sir Guy Carleton (now Lord Dorchester') for the Balance of his Account, as Commander in Chief in the Northern District of North America, from 2d December 176b to 30th June 1770 -

To Sir John Dick, Bart, for the Balance of his, Account of Money received and expended in the Service of transporting a Number of Foreign Protestants from Holland, for the purpose of settling the Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Years 1751, 1752, and 1753 -

To John Moultrie, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as late Lieutenant Governor of the Province of East Florida, in Expences incurred for building the State House, and making public Roads in the said Province, in the several Years from 1772 to

1775 ;.....-

To Captains Rob’ Clements, of the 8th Regiment, and Bolton Power, of the 20th Regiment of Foot, for their Expences in replacing sundry Provisions lost by the foundering of the Three Sisters Transport, on their Passage from Bombay -To Sir Ja' Cockburne, Bart, for the Balance of his Account, on his Contract for delivering Rum for the Forces in America, dated 2nd May 1776 To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, for the Losses sustained by sundry Officers of the late 99th Regiment of Foot, on board the Brig Castor, when taken by the French, on the 22nd March 1781 -To Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, for D# sustained by sundry D* of the 35th Regiment of Foot, in the Hurricane at S'Lucia, in the Year 1780 -

53 16 7

89 4 11

75 13 —

91 15 10

70-----

36 2 6

77 10 6 278 9 6

593

Army

Extras.

To Edmund Armstrong, Esquire, Agent to the 8th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Pay of several supernumerary Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of that Regiment, which is to be charged against such Warrant, as shall be granted for this Service - -- -- - 1,500 -

28,084 12 2

To George Campbell, late Lieut. Colonel of the American Regiment, for Expences incurred by him, for Re-exchange, Interest, and Expences, on a Bill drawn by him for

His Majesty’s Service - - - 90-----

To James Morgue, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by Edcci Thompson, Captain and Commodore of the

Ships of War on the Coast of Guinea, for Expences incurred in Consequence of Promises made by Commodore Shirley to the Fantee Indians, in the late War, for their Assistance in the Reduction of the Dutch Forts on that Coast - 593 2 —

To the Executors of Edit/ Thompson, to enable them to repay the Amount of a Bill drawn by D°, for D° Service, and Paid by Paul Maylor - 1,207 1 —

--------1,800 3 —

To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn by Sir G. A. Eliott,

Governor of Gibraltar, for special contingent Services for that Garrison - - - 1,008 6 3

To pay I)°, drawn by D*, for D" Service .....1,151 15 7

------- — 2,160 1 10

M

To

594

Army

Extra*.

I’f Ma

A.

1787.

Dates of Warrants.

1785.

December 29th. To John Cowan, Esquire, upon Account, to pay Rills

of Exchange, drawn upon him by Patrick.

Esquire, from S' Augustine, for the Extra and contingent Expences of the Government of East Florida .....- 2,419 16 4

To D\ upon Account, for D* Service ---- 880 14 8

1786.

January 24th. To D#, upon Account, for D* Service - - - - 5,413 19 6

March 3d. To D°, upon Account, for D° Service - - - - 555 15 5

23d. To D*, upon Account, for D° Service ..... 549 11 5

May 23d. To D*, upon Account, for D# Service ..... 348 5 6

July 10th. To D°, upon Account, for D* Service - - - 227 12 7

January 9th. To Will" Roberts, Esquire, upon Account, to pay Bills drawn on him by Lieut. Governor Des Barns, from Cape Breton, for the extraordinary and contingent Expences for the Public Works on that Island ----- 2,416 11 — 24th. To D°, upon Account, for D° Service -.....592 11 —

May 26th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by J. F. Des Barres, Lieutenant Governor of Cape Breton, for Public Services -

February 10th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Orde, Governor

of Dominica, for Public Services 1,200 ——

May 26th. To D*, for D° Service - - 3,640 9 —

September 4th. D°, for D* Service - - 4,38410 —

February 10th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by IF. Lucas, President of the Council at Grenada, for Public Services .....4,097 15 10

May 26th. To D°, for D* Service - - - 3,762 17 9

September 4th. To D\ for D° Service - - - 4,585 5 n

February 10th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by E. Parke, Commandant at Fort Mouree, for Public Services - - - - 300----

May 26th. To D°, for D* Service - - - 222 11 9

February 10th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Ed. Lincoln, Governor of S'Vincent’s, for Public Services 3,054 14 5

May 26th. To D°, for 1)° Service - - - 5,386-----

September 4th. To D°, for D* Service - 3,225 7 10

February 10th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Ed. Mathew, Governor of Grenada, for Public Services -

To D° drawn by J. Lieutenant Governor of

Newfoundland, for Public Services -To D° drawn by IF. O. Huddleston, Commandant at Newfoundland, for Public Services -

To D" drawn by M Clarke, Lieutenant Governor

of Jamaica, for Public Services - - 125-----

May 26th. To D°, for D* Service - 3,597 *8 5

September 41I1. To D*, for D° Service - - - 800-----

February 10th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Morris,

late Governor of S' Vincent’s, for Public Services ---- 256 10 —

May 26th. To D°, for D* Service - - - 693----

September 4th. To D°, for D° Service - 1,054 15 5

November 4th. To Gilbert Gollan, in full Discharge of

a Bill for £.231. 17. 8. drawn by D0.....154 11 —

10,395 15 5

3,009 2 — 360 8 10

9,224 19 —

12,445 19 6

522 11 9

11,666 2 3

584 4 11

971 3 1

188 2 2

4,522 18 5

2,160 16 5

1

To

7 Geo. III. 270 Martiu

Dates of Warrants.

1786.

February 10th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Henry Hamilton, Lieutenant Governor of Quebec, for Public Services ---- 11,000 ——

May 26th. To D*, for D° Service - - - 100----

To Bills of Exchange drawn by David Parry, Governor of Barbadoes, for Public Service -To D® drawn by Archibald Commander

in Chief in the Bahamas, for.Public Services 1,561 18 2

September 4th. To D®, for D® Service - 3)953 6 —

May 26th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Thomas Shirley, . Governor of the Leeward Islands, for Public Services ---- 500 ——

September 4th. To D®, for D® Service - - - - 350-

May 26th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Ja‘

Lieutenant Governor of the Bahamas, for Public Services ——

September 4th. To D® drawn by Gamble, Commissary of

Provisions in the Bahamas, for Public Ser-

vices -

To D® drawn by Henry Hope, Lieutenant Governor of Quebec, for Public Services -To Bills of Exchange drawn by Joseph Wheelwright, Esquire, acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Nova Scotia, from the 26th to the 30th December 1785, on Account of the extraordinary Expences

of the said Forces - - - - 670----

To D® drawn by D®, in the Month

of January 1786, on Account of

D®.....2,330 -

To D° drawn by D®, in the Month

of March 1786, on Account of

D®.....2,430-

To D* drawn by D®, in the Month

of April 1786, on Account of

D® ---- 300 ---

To D® drawn by D®, in the Month of May 1786, on Account of

D® ---- 860 ---

To D® drawn by D®, in the Month of June 1786, on Account of

D® - - - - 7,410---

To D® drawn by D®, in the Month

of July 1786, on Account of

D® ---- 3,000 ——

To D® drawn by D®, in the Month

of August 1786, on Account of

D®.....5,000----

To D® drawn by D®, in the Month

of October 1786, on Account of D® ---- 5,000 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Joshua Winslow, Esquire, acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Canada, in the Month of June 1786, on Account of the extraordinary Expences of the said

Forces - - - 5,000-----

To D® drawn by D®, in the Month of October 1786, on Account of

D® - - - - 29,650----

To D" drawn by D®, in the Month of November 1786, on Account of D°.....20,350-----

n,ioo-----

2>494 9 9

5>515 4 2

360 3 10

363 17 4

11»355 10 —

55,000-----

1784.

April 6th. To Lieut. Lewis Benjamin Muret, for Six Years Half Pav, for his Services in raising a Corps of Swiss Chasseurs, under the Command of Colonel Erskin* ----- 255 10 —

Vox.. 42.

595

Army

Extras,

174>i4i 13 8

To

1

Army

Extras.

596 2j° .

Dates of Warrants.

1785-

December 7th. To Major General Green, for the Difference of the Personal Pay of a Major General and Brigadier General, at Gibraltar, for 67 Days, to 24th December 1781 -

29th. To Captain JV" Campbell, for Arrears of Pay, as Quarter Master in the 24th Regiment of Foot, from the 10th April to 24th June 1777 -

1786.

January 4th. To Lieut. General Morrison, for 365 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, as Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1785 -

To Major General Samuel Townsend, for his Pay as Superintendant of ,the Recruiting Service, from 25th June 1785 to 24th December following -12th. To Lieut. Colonel Oliver for 3C.5 Days

Pay, as Adjutant General in America, to 24th December 1785 -

To Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for 326 Days D*, as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, to 24th December 1785 -

JTo Lieut. General fVm Fawcett, for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1785.....- -

To Lieut. General Morrison, for 183 Days D°, as Quarter Master General, to D*

To Lieut. General Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieutenant Governor of Fort S' Philip, at Minorca, from 25th June 1785 to 24th December following -24th. To Gregory Townsend, Esquire, for 315 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in North America, to 11th November 1785 -

27th. To Rob' Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Inspector , General of tire Hospitals for the Forces serving in Great Britain, to 24th December 1785 -

February 1st. To Ensign Gore Browne, of the 33th Regiment of Foot, for 182 Days Allowance for the extraordinary Expences he was put to in his Passage to join the said Regiment in the West Indies, in the Year 1781, being carried round by New York, with Recruits for the Forces there -

To Sir G. A. Eliott and Sir R. Boyd, for Pay as General and Lieutenant General, in Addition to their Pay as Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Gibraltar, for 215 Days, to 27th July 1783 - -

March 1st. To Lieut. Rob1 Griffiths, for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, to their respective Corps, from the 12th April to 25th December 1785 -

3d. To R. Johnson, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in North America, to 4th January 1786 13th. To several General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces, in the

Year 1785 -

22d. To Col. Thomas Carleton, for Half a Years Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1785 April 12th. To That Aston Cojin, for 184 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army at Halifax, in North America, to 31st December 1785 - -

May 16th. To Lieut. Colonel Richard England, for 92 Days D°, as late Major of Brigade on the American Staff, to 31st December 1781 -

June 28th. To Lieut. General Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieutenant Governor of Fort S' Philip, in Minorca, from 23th December 1785 to 24th June 17SG July 12th. To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 182 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1786 -To Major General Sam! Townsend, for his Pay, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25 th December 1785 to 24th June 1786 To Lieut. General Morrison, for 182 Days additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to 24th June 1786....

A. 1

3310 — 17 14 8

182 10 — 2G0 — 6

345 15 —

154 8 1

520 1 —

520 1 —

346 14 —

315-----

G91 10 —

45 10 — 2,687 10 —

37 3 4

3G5-----

2,593 2 6

250-----

184----

46 -

344 1G — 517 4 —

258 12 — 517 4 —

27 Geo. IIL Martii.

Dates of Warrants.

1786.

July 19th. To George Brinley, Esquire, for 309 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary at Halifax, in North America, to 3d June 1786 -

To several Majors of Brigade, for their Pay and Forage . Money, in the Ifears 1780 and 1782 -

21st. For 182 Days Pay of the Commanding Officers and Barrack Masters at several Posts in North America, to 24th June 1785 -

August 2 2d. To Gregory Townsend, Esquire, for 243 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, to 12th July 1786 ——

To T. J. Coffin, Esquire, for 181 Days D°, as D* to 31st July 1786 - -

To Lieut. Thomas Oldfield, for Arrears of Pay, as late Assistant Deputy Quarter Master General in America, under the Command of Earl Cornwallis, from 1st October 1781 to 24th February 1783 23d. To Colonel Thomas for Half a Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th June 1786 -September 1st To Mr. Daniel Chamier, in Part of Pay due to Daniel Chamier, Esquire, deceased, late Commissary General in America -

2d. To Wm Elphinstone, for Arrears of Pay, as late Chief Mate of the Armed Schooner The Polly, on the Lakes of Canada, from 10th June 1775 to the Time he was released from Captivity, he having been made a Prisoner of War -October 18th. To several General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces, from 25th December 1785 to 24th June 1786 -

November 3d. To James Farquharson, to compleat 547 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in Canada, to 24th June

»785 -

December nth. To J. IF. Clarke, for 679 Days Pay, as Commissary in Canada, for taking Care of and issuing Provisions to the Loyalists in that Province, to 1st September 1786 -

20th. To Thomas Wallen, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary of Musters at Jamaica, to 24th December 1785 -

To Sir Geo. Monro, for 382 Days D°, as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, to 9th January 1785 To J. Campbell, Esquire, for 330 Days Allowance as Governor of Newfoundland, to 31 st March 1786 -

463 I® —

218 10 — 327 11 2

243 -

181----

120 5 — 250----

150----

77 12 6 1,293 — 3 273 10 —

679-----

172 17 6 180 18 6 468 17 10

597

Army

Extra*

16,5&8 § 10

Fcbrtiary 17th.

u *

March 1st.

2d.

May 4th.

Vol. 42.

To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance, to Christmas 1785, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, and also for the current Exchange upon the Amount of the Difference of the Bills given to the Receiver General, and the Bills received from the Troops by the said

Bank.....568 3 8

To Sir John Inglis, Baronet, for Oatmeal, Firing,

Candles, &c". furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons of Fort William, Castle Duart, Fort Augustus,

Fort George, and Fort Charlotte, in the Island of Shetland, and the Barracks of Bernera, Inversnaid,

Corgaff, Braemarr, and the Out Posts in their Neighbourhood, from 1st January to 31st December

1785 - - . ....

To D", for Necessaries for the Use of the Forces in North Britain -

To L. G. Mackay, Commander of the Forces in Scotland, for so much expended by him on divers Occasions for the Good of His Majesty’s Service in that Part of the Kingdom -

To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, Agents to Sir John In-glis, Contractor for the Garrisons in North Britain, for so much paid by him, by Order of L. G; Mackay, to Major Fraser of the Engineers, for the Expences incurred in a Survey made by him, by Order of the said L. G. Mof the Roads and Bridges in Scotland, in the Year 1785 -

1,729 4 920 10 4

3oo-----

134 14 7

7 N

To

59$

27* Mar Hi.

A. 1787.

Army

Extrai.

Dates of Warrant*.

1786.

July 29th.

January 11th.

12th. February 1st.

2 2d.

March 6th.

To David Skeene, Esquire, for the 54th Year'9 Allowance for inspecting and superintending the Repairs of the Roads and Bridges in North Britain

500 —

13th.

22d.

29th. April 26th.

May 1 ith. 17 th.

July 5th.

12th.

August 23d

To E. B. De la Fontaine, Esquire, Barrack Master of supplying additional Companies and Recruits, &c*. in racks with Coals and Candles, between the 24th June 1 December following -

To D*, for providing divers Utensils for the Infirmary and Barracks there, during the Year 1785 - *

To Lieut Governor Singleton, for furnishing Coals, Candles, &c*. for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th June to 24th December 1785 To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in Barracks at Plymouth Dock -To D*, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth, S* Nicholas Island, &c\ from 25th June 1785 to 24th December following -TO Mr. Henry Henderson, for providing and repairing Utensils for the Use of the Barracks at Hilsca, Portsmouth, &c*. and for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Forces in the said Barracks To Edward Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, &c\ for the Use of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 25th June 1785 to 24th December following -

To Mr. George Leith, Junior, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, &c\ for the Forces in the Barracks at Deal, from D* to D*

To William Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 990! Chaldrons of Coals, received at Gibraltar between, the 5th September 1785 and the 10th February 1786 -

To D*, for the extra Chaise of Freight on the above Coals, sent-by him to Gibraltar -To Andrew Clinton, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, &c\ for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785 -

To John Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished by him for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1786 'To Joshua Darwin, for providing Coals, Candles, &c\ for the Use of the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks dad Clifford's Fort, from 10th May 1785 to 24th December following - -

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock -To Messrs. Bisshopp and Brush Agent to the 2 2d Regiment of Foot, for the Expence of Coals, for the Use of the Sick of the said Regiment in the Hospital at Windsor, from 25th December 1784 to 24th October 1785 -

To Nicholas Fiott, for Coals supplied for the Forces at Jersey, from 29th September 1785 to 24th March

1786.....-

To Thomas Best, Esquire, for supplying Coals, Candles, &c*. for the Troops in the Barracks of Dover Castle, front 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785 -

To E. B. De la Fontaine, Esquire, Master of the Barracks in the Savoy, for supplying additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in the said Barracks with Coals and Candles, between the 24th December 1785 and 25th June 1786 -To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for furnishing Coals, Candles, &c". for the Forces at Landguard Fort, from 25th December 1785 to 24th June 1786 . To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Savoy, for the said Bar-785 and 25th

295 9 5

122 10 2

104 3 2

500

156 19 0 0

92 4 4

329 12 6

153 2 6

1,534 17 9

297 1 6

116 — 1

616 13 2

27 9 /

500 — —

27 2 —

259 7 7

294 15 C

303 11 5

104 1 2

4,152 13 6

the

27 Geo. Ill

270 Martii.

599

Dates of Warrants.

1786.

the Troops at Jersey, from 13th October 1785 to

24th June 1786 -....

August 23d. To A. Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth, S' Nicholas Island, &c\ from 25th December 1785 to 24th June 1786 -

October 4th. To W" Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty's Proportion of 58 7 Chaldrons of Coals, landed and received at Gibraltar, between the 4th May and 18th June

1786....

12th. To John Got'e, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished by him for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Michaelmas

1786....

To D*, for sundry Utensils, &c\ furnished by him for D#, for One Year, to D*

To Mr. George Le, Junior, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, &c\ for the Forces in Barracks at Deal, from 25th December 1785 to 24th June

1786....

To Henry Henderson, for providing and repairing Utensils for the Barracks at Ililsea, Portsmouth, &c\ and for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Forces in

the said Barracks -....

18th. To IF9 Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 455 Chaldrons of Coals landed at Gibraltar, between the 19th June and 17th September 1786 To D*, for the extra Charge of Freight on 1,042 Chaldrons of Coals sent by him to Gibraltar -November 17th. To Edward Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, &c*. for the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 25th December 1785 to 24th June 1786

Date of SocT at War's Letter.

July 19th, To Lord Elphinstone, Lieutenant Governor of Edinburgh

Castle, on Account of Coals and Candles for the Garrison there, from 26th March 1785 to 24th June 17.86, and to be charged against such Warrants as shall be granted to him for this Service -

280 9 10

225 3 2

909 17 —

335 5 10 81 17 4

145 11 11

115 — - 7

705 5 — 312 12 — -

369 6 9

500 —

9,815 10 6

Dates of Warrants.

January 12th.

To Major General Douglas, for the Expences incurred by him in supplying Cloathing to the late 104th Regiment of Foot, in the Years 1782 and 1783, and in Discharge of the Assignments made by him of the Off-reckonings of the said Corps - - 1,490 2 1

March 22 d. To A leaf Adair, Esquire, to make good the Deficiency on the Assignment of Off-reckonings of the 1st Battalion of the 84th Regiment of Foot, from the 6th

July 17S3 to the 5th July 1784 - - - - 55 16 5

May 17th. To the Right honourable Edmund Burke, late Paymaster General of the Forces, for the Deficiencies on the Assignments of Off-reckonings of sundry independent Companies of Foot, made by him in virtue of His Majesty's Warrant of the 4th of July 1782 - - 2,500 16 7

July 12th. To Sir Geo. Osborn, Bart, in lieu of 244 Days Net Offreckonings of the additional Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 73d Regiment of Foot 183 9 3

1780. October 11th.

1786. January 4th.

Vol. 42.

To Lieut. Colonel L. F. Cary, for the Marches and Contingencies of the 89th Regiment of Foot, from the 23d July 1779 to 24th December following - - 155167

To Colonel Adam Williamson, for his contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General in South Britain, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785 154 4 —

To Major General Sami Townsend, for his D#, as Super-intendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1785 - 224 7 6

4,230 4 4

T«

Army

Extra*.

Army

Extras.

6od

270 Martii.

A. 1787.

Dates of Warrants.

1786.

January 4th. To Major General Sa Townsend, being the Amount of his general Account of Expenditures on D° Service, for Six Months, to D° -To Major General Roy, for his contingent Disbursements, as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785 llth. To lVm Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, &c\ <*f the Foot Guards Rooms, Orderly Rooms and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks, and Recruit House, for the Year 1783 12th. To Lieut. General Wm Faucett, for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June to 24th December 1785 -

27th. To the Rev. Mr. Wilm for One Years Rent of the Minister’s House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces stationed there, to 24th December 1785 -To Lieut. General Geo. Morrison, for his contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, from 25th June to 24th December 1785 - -

February 1st. To Lieut. Governor Campbell, for the extraordinary and contingent Expences peculiar to his Command as Lieutenant Governor of Plymouth, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785 -

March 1st. To P. IE. Irving, late Lieut. Governor of the Island of Guernsey, for Interest due to him on Account of Money advanced for the Purchase of Fuel for the Garrison in the said Island, from 10th October 1782

to 5th April 1784 -....

April 26th. To Francis and John Carleton, for Expences incurred by them in the Embarkation, &c". of Troops at different Ports in Ireland, in the Year 1785 -

May 11th. To the Agents of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to enable them to reimburse the effective private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made from their Pay, from 25th June to 24th December 1785 -

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, printing, &c\ of several Acts of Parliament, and Rules and Orders for the better Government of the Forces 17th. To JV’A Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, for the Year 1783 -

To Lieut. Anthony Gordon, of the 67th Regiment of Foot, for the Expences incurred by him in planning and forming a new Mode of Exercise for the Regiments of Infantry, particularly as to the Use of the Bayonet, and instructing several Detachments of the Forces therein -

June 28th. To Lieut. General lVm Fawcett, for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1785 to 24th June 1786 29th. To Leonard Morse, Esquire, for carrying on for One Year, to Midsummer 1786, a progressive List of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army -July 12th. To Major General Sam! Townshend, for his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1785 to 24th June 1786 " 28th. To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Instruments, and Materials furnished for the Use of the Forces in the Year 1785 August 23d. To the Agents of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to enable them to reimburse the effective private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made from their Pay, from 25th December 1785 to 24th June 1786 - -

To Lieut. General for his contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, from 25th December 178,5 to 24th June 1786 - -

September 4th. To several Agents, to make good to sundry Regiments the Difference of Exchange on the Bills drawn from Ireland, for Levy Money for the Men wanting to compleat the said Regiments on their being transferred to the Irish Estabiisliment - -

218 9 i 214 4 —

1,007 2 9

265 5 — 42 2 — 1.54 4 —

103 3 —

119 >3 3

105 6 8

1,103 13 3 230 14 10 t,59° 4 9

200 — — 264 4 — 103 3 — 239 2 —

756 9 11

897 8 9 174 4 —

166 2 7

To

1

7 Geo. III. 270

Dates of Warrants.

1786. September 4th.

28.

October 27th. December 15 th.

To Sir John Dick and William Molleson, Esquire, Comp-

trollers of the Accounts of the Army, to make good the Payment of the Claim for Land Tax upon their and their officert Salaries, between the 25th December 1783 and the 25th March 1786 To Major General Toumcnd, for the Amount of his general Account of Expenditures on the Recruiting Service, for Six Months, to 24th June 1786 -To John Charlton, Esquire, upon Account, for contin-

gent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c\ -To the several Paymasters of the 3d, 19th, and 30th Regiments of Foot, to make good the Difference of British and Irish Money on sundry Sums received in Ireland, for the Subsistence of these Regiments in the Year 1781 -

315 16 9 398 2 4

1,000-----

212 18 4

Army

Extras.

10,416 2 4

1785. December 29th.

1786. February 4th.

14th.

16th.

May 4th. 23d.

July 10th. August 22d.

Vt> l 42.

PAYMENTS on Account of the Forces in the East Indies:

To Mr. Robert Anderson, principal Surgeon to the Expedition in the East Indies, under the Command of Major General Medows, to complete his Pay from 10th June 1781 to 21st September 1785 - - - 679 10 —

To Mr. Th& Astey, Hospital Mate on the said Expedition, for his Pay, from 25th June 1784 to 20 July 1785 - 146 12 6

To Mr. John Mac Rae, Hospital Mate on the said Expedition, to complete his Pay, from 26th September 1781 to the 31st August 1785 ... 189 2 6

------ 1,015 5 —

To the Agents of several Regiments serving in the East Indies, to pay for the Accommodaton of several Subaltern Officers ordered to embark on board the

Company*s Ships - - - 980-----

To Messrs. Meyrick, Agents to the 52d Regiment of Foot, to pay for the Passage of Ensign Collier to the

East Indies - - - - 70-----

To the Holder of a Bill of Exchange, drawn upon Messrs. Risshopp and Brummdl, by Captain Robertson, of the 1st Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, serving in India, being for the Amount of the contingent Bills of that Corps to 24th December

1784 - - -.....383 18

To the Surgeons of Two East India Ships, for Medicines and Attendance on sundry Detachments sent Home from Regiments serving in India - - - 3°----

To Mr. Robert Anderson, late principal Surgeon on the Expedition under the Command of Major General Medou's, in the East Indies, to make his Pay equal to that of Purveyor of Hospitals, from 3d

September 1781 th 24th October 1785 - - - 77° 10 —

To the several Clothiers of the 98th, 100th, 101st, and I02d Regiments of Foot, to make good the Deficiencies on the Off-reckonings of the said Regiments, serving in India ----- 913 2 7

To Mr. John Mao'ae, for Pay, as late Hospital Mate in India, from 1st September to the 8th October 1785 -.....14 5 —

To the Agent of the 23d (now the 19th) Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, serving in the East Indies, for the Year

1786.....1,181 18 6

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of that Regiment, serving in D®, for the Year 1786 - - - 3,227 1 2

To D° of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot (now the 73d Regiment) on Account of Subsistence of that Corps, serving in D®, for the Year 1782-.- - - - 44 9 6 _

7 O

To

1

<Jo»

Army

Extras.

37® Martii.

iA,; 1787.

To the Agent of the ad BattaKon of the 42d Regiment of Foot (now the 7311 Regiment) on Account of Subsistence of D° Regiment, for the Year

1783 - - - " . ' "

To D®, on Account of Subsistence of

D* Regiment, for the Year 1785 To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D® Regiment, for the

Year 1786....

To the Agent of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, Marches, and Recruiting of that Regiment, serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1785 - *

To D*, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D" Regiment, for the

Year 1786....

To the Agent of die 1st Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot (now the 71st Regiment) on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1785 To D", on Account of D® of D® Regiment, for the Year 1786 -To the Agent of the 78th (now the 72d) Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, serving in the East Indies, for the Year

1784 ....

To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D® Regiment, for the Year 1785 -

To D°, on Account of D® of D® Regiment, for the Year 1786 To the-Agent of the late 98th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, lately serving in the East Indies, for the Year

1785 -

To D° of the late tooth Regiment of Foot, on Account of D® of that Re-ment, lately serving in D®, for the

Year 1782....

To D®, on Account of D® of D® Regiment, for the Year 1784 -To D®, on Account of D9 of D® Regiment, for the Year 1785 -a

9 3 —

24

- 3x8" 5 6

604 2 — *

- 2,290 6 10

27 9 — M*7 — 8

4 10 —

904 15 — - *,899 14 9

863 6 6

19 10 118 19 546 7 6

16,994 — 4

To the Clothier of die 23d Regiment of Dragoons (now the 19th Regiment) for 365 Days Net Offreckonings of that Regiment, to 24th December

178.5

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to D®

To D9 of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot (now the 73d Regiment) for 365 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Corps, to D®

To D® of the 52d Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D°of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to D*

To D® of the 1st Batalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot (now the 71st) for 365 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to D*

To D® of the 78th Regiment of Foot (now the 72d) for 365 Days D» of 10 Companies of that Regiment of Foot, to D® -

- 2,251 to 11

- 3,120 19 3

- 2,232 12 0

' 3,120 19 3

- 3,120 19 3

3,120 19 3

To

1

*7 Geo. III.

27 ° Martii.

To the Clothier of the late 98th Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days Net Off-reckonings of that Regiment, to 24th December 17S5 - - - 3,120 19

To D° of the late ioo,h Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D° of that Regiment, to D*.....3,120 19

Tb D* of the late 101st Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D* of that Regiment, to D° - - - 3,120 19 3

To D* of the late I02d Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D° of that Regiment, to D* - - . - 3,120 19 3

To the Agent of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons (now the 19th) on Account of 366 Days Arrears of the Officers, of that Regimen^ to 24th December --O - - 1,046 2 6

1784

Tb D° of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Days D° of that Regiment, to D*

Tb D° of the 2d Battalion of the 4*1 Regiment of Foot (now the 73d Regiment) on Account of 366 Days D° of that Corps, to D* -Tb D* of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 366 Days D'of that Regiment, to D* -To D* of the 1st Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot (now the 71st Regiment) on Account of 366 Days D* of that Regiment,

To D* of the 78th Regiment of Foot (now the 72d Regiment) on Account of 366 Days D* of that Regiment, to

D*....

To D* of the late 98th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 366 Days D° of that Regiment, to D*1 - -

To D* of the late 100th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 366 Days D° of that Regiment, to D° -To D# of the late 101st Regiment of Foot, on Account of^ 3,66 Days D° of that

- 1,180 15 6

906 2 6

- 1,180 6 9

- 1,238 5 6

1,158 17

1,1.32 4 I

1,152 1 —

Regiment, to D* - -

To D* of the la te 102d Regiment oof,

c

Regiment,

t,*59 5 J*

p D* of the late 102d Regiment or ruuh on, Aceouat of 366 Days. D° Qf that Regiment, toD*’ - - - - 1,159

29,451 17 5

603

Army Eku as.

5 n

i 11, i 1 111 rr.

6 8,

61,925 8 8

465,i»7 19 11

B. When RemjftaDcesare made frgm India, the Public will have Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundry --- Fflst Indies.

War Office, 27th March 1787.

Geo. Yonge.

TOWARDS

Vo 1.

GOO^fe

27° Martii.

A. 1787.

604

Army

Extras.

TOWARDS the Account of Extraordinaries of the Army, incurred and paid, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786, may be applied the following Sums; viz*.

Amount of Stoppages detained for victualling the Forces in the following Places, between October 1785 and 24th August, 1786; viz'.

Nova Scotia .....5»°86 11 7

Canada.....- - - - 7.954 17 8

West Indies - 3.958 11 8

Amount of Net Subsistence paid by Mr. Williams, Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scoria, between December 1785 and October 1786 - - -' -

Amount of D# paid by Mr. Boone, Deputy Paymaster in Canada, between October 1785 and October 1786 ——

Amount of D° paid by Mr. Phipps, as D° in the West indies, between December 1785 and October 1786 -

Amount of Bills received from P. Fall, Esquire, for Provisions sold by him in the Island of Jersey, by Order of the Lords of the Treasury -

17,000 — 11

11,065 9 7

11,470 10 1

4.686 3 10

583 18 2 44,806 2 7

War Office, 27th March 1787.

Geo. Yonge.

Army

Estimates.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1787.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787 -

Allowance to an Officer of the Reduced Horse -

Annual Allowance to Five Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 10 per Annum each -

For Twelve Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d. per Diem each -

Total -

45 12 6

£. 172,776 12 6

50-----

127 15 —

--------- 223 7 6

- - £. 173,000----

War Office,

27th March 1787.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE

27 Geo. Ill

27° Martii. '

605

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1787. «Army

Estimates

20,2 35 Out-Pensioners, at 5d.per Diem, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, deducting for Pensions unclaimed /.2,548 -

401 Letter Men, at is. per Diem each - -

51 Serjeants, at gd.per Diem each ....

£.i5L322 6 3

7,3i8 5 ~

424 6 3

20,687

159,064 17 6

To the Collectors of Excise for paying Out-Pensioners £. 1,467. 2. o.

deducting a Saving on 1786, of/. 23. 5. o....

To the Agents Clerks ,£.532. 8. 0. deducting a Saving on 1786, amounting to £. 444* 12. 0. -

To Agent of Out Pensioners per Annum -

To Rent of a House for examining Out Pensioners -

From which deduct out of Poundage on Out Pensioners

Deduct already voted on Estimate of Guards and Garrisons for 1787 In all to be made good for 1787 g

L443 17 —

87.16 —

1,000----

200 — —

2,73i 13 — 1,200 -

1,531 13 —

160,596 10 6 9,837 17 6

150,758 13 —

War Office, 27th March 1787.

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital for the Year 1787.

Pay per Annum for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers ' Clothing for D4 -

Salaries of Governor and other Officers -

Board Wages and Table for D° -

Surgeon and Apothecary -

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -

Tradesmen....

Provisions ——

Contingencies, and other Extraordinaries -

Deduct out of Poundage on Out Pensioners for 1787

In all to be made good for 1787

1,266 7 gi 911 7 5

3,821 9 —

493 10 — 2,093 17 7

4,248----

3,476 17 ii 8,173 18 2i 3,08l 15 9

£ 27,567 2 10 5,800----

21,767 2 10

War Office, 27th March 1787.

Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 42.

;P ESTIMATE

Army

Estimates.

606 270 Martii.A. 1787.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

American Forces, for the Year 17S7.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th

December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both Days inclusive - - - - £. 55,092 10 —

Allowances to Officers of D# per Annum - 4,907 10 —

In all for 1787 - £.60,000----

War Office, 27th March 1787.

Geo. Y

se

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scots Brigade in the

Service of the States General, for the Year 1787.

For Reduced Officers of the Scots Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787, both inclusive *----- £-3,422 11 8

War Office, 27th March 1787.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments of several Battalions and Companies of Foot, for the respective Times under-mentioned, in the Year 1786.

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion, from . 25th December 1785 to 1st March 1786, both inclusive, at the following Rate; viz*.

For Pay for 365 Days £. 7,617 6 7|

Clothing Agency Allowances

M34 1 7

152 13 4i 446----

In all per Annum - - £. 9,350 — 7

Paid by Ireland, for the same Time, 8292 14 per Annum -

Difference to be made good

Full Pay for the said Battalion, from 2d March 1786 to 24th December following, both inclusive, according to the British Establishment -

Sir William Boothbys Regiment of Foot, from

5th May 1786 to 24th December following, both inclusive, at the following Rate; viz'.

For Pay for 365 Days Clothing -Agency Allowances

£7,857 4 6* 1,134 1 7

154 14 lif 446----

In all per Annum - £. 9,592 1

Paid by Ireland, per Annum, 8,532 7

Difference to be made good

N* of Days.

67

298

234

Charge of Pay, &ca.

1,716 6 i£ 1,522 4

6,149 8 6 5,470 1 3

Difference, or Full Pay, to be paid by Great Britain.

Sums already voted.

194 1 8i

7,633 14 51

679 7 3i

9,350 — 7

1,059 13 10 Sir

7 Geo. III.

2y° MartiL

Sir Robert Murray Keith's, at D° Rates, from 2d March 1786 to 24th December following, both inclusive ----- British -

Irish Difference -

Lieut. General Masseys, from 25th December 1785 to 2d May 1786, both inclusive,

British -

Sir Charles Grey's, from 25 th December 1785 to 16th March 1786, both inclusive - - British -

Lieut. General Rains ford's, from 25 th December 1785 to 4th May 1786, both inclusive,

British -Irish

Difference -

D*, from 5th May 1786 to 24th December following, both inclusive - - - - British -

Sir John fVrottesley's, from 2d March 1786 to 24th December following, both inclusive,

British -Irish Difference -

Sir Thomas Wilson's, from 25th December 1785 to 1st March 1786, both inclusive,

British -. Irish Difference -

D®, from 2d March 1786 to 24th December following, both inclusive - - British -

Lieut. General Baugh’s, from 25th December 1785 to 23d June 1786, both inclusive,

British -

Earl of Harrington’s,from 25th December 1785

to 24th December 1786, both inclusive

British -Irish Difference -

Lieut. General Gabbett's, D® at D® -Lieut. General Maxwell's, D® at D® -General Lambton’s, D® Time - - British -

Lieut. General Baugh's 4 Companies, from 6 July 1786 to 24th December following, both inclusive,

Per Annum.

British. — Pay - - - 3,436 14 3J

Clothing - - 572 — 2

Agency - - 73 1 -}

Allowances - - 223-----

Total . - - £4,304 l5

Paid by Ireland - - - 3,803 4

Difference for 172 Days, at D* Rate

6

8

Total -

Deduct Sums already voted-

Remains to be provided for

298

12 9 82

131

234

298

67

298

181

365

7.831 6 5

6,966 2 n|

3,442 12 6i 3,062 6 —

7,831 6 5 6,966 2 uj

172

1,760 14 8 17566 4 3*

9,592 1 1

8,532 7 3

607

865 3

3,39° 1 4k 2,154 18 7

380 6 61 6,149 8 61

865 3 5i

194 10 4*

7,831 6 5

4,756 12 2

1.059 13 i°

1.059 13 10

1.059 13 10

9,592 1 1

1,059 J3 i°

9,592 1 *

1,059 *3 10

> 9,592 1 1

236 6 10

48,102 3 9* 44,848 12 9

3,253 11 ~i

9,592 1 1

1.059 13 10

1.059 >3 10

1.059 13 1

364 5 11

44,848 12 9

War Office, 27th March 1787.

Geo. Yonge.

V o 1.

ESTIMATE

Army

Estimates.

Army

Estimates.

Motion respecting Charge against Mr. H listings withdrawn.

Committee on Public Accounts deferred.

608

27° — 28 a Martii. A. 1787.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers,

for the Year 1787.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husbands. Rate of Pensions. Charge.

30 Widows of 29 -27 - 174 - - - - 209 156 - - - -1 Colonels ----- each Lieutenant Colonels - - - -Majors ---- Captains ---- Lieutenants - Ensigns, &c\ &c*. as under-mentioned -Physicians ---- £50 40 30 26 20 l6 £ L500 1,160 810 4,524 4,180 2,496 30

626 Widows for 1787 - £14,700

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated -Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Annum ----- 735 100 l 835

In all - £15,535

From which deduct the following Sums already voted, viz*. On Guards and Garrisons, 1787 - , -For Marine Corps D° 1 2,984 19 6 737 12 — 3,722 11 6

To be made good - - 11,812 8 6

N. B. In the 156 above-mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, and of the Sollicitors to Foot Guards, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign’s Widow.

War Office, j

27th March 1787.] GeoYonge.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Thursday last, for receiving, upon Monday next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might- be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Order be discharged.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty's Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the kevenue.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Martii;

Anno 270 Georgii III,a Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Jacob Ilertel, Bertel’s Nat. was read the Third Time. BUI passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Her tel.

Ordered, That Mr. Pye do carry the Bill to the,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfot'd and Mr. The Lords Walker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Gainsbo-Act for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over rough Bridge the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Bl11-Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, Petition residing in the Town of Lincoln, was presented to the againstCoun-House, and read; Complaining of the groat Increase terfeit Coin-

' of

27 G;eo. III.

28° Martii.

609

Gloucester Roads Bill passed.

of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to afford such Relief as the Nature of the Case requires, and to the House seems meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the First Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester

" several Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the " building and repairing County Gaols; and also, an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the u Reign of King William the Third, for the more " effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making " more effectual the Act of the Thirteenth Year of " the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the " regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s " Ships of War and Forces by Sea," as gives a discrete the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of tionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants and the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, was read the other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the First Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill.

small Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Walsall Road Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Bill com-

Ordered, That Mr. Master do carry the Bill to the present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road mitted-

Petition

against

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Swansea Pa- others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within the nag Bill. Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other public Passages and Places within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and certain Parts near or adjoining thereto, and for removing

from Muckley Corner to Walsall and and

to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Two First Districts of Road therein comprized, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rolle, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Newnham presented to the House, Callicoe according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Primers Bill

and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Presented-

and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are of Opi- Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties nion such Bill is unnecessary, and if passed into a thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors,

Law will be very prejudicial to their Property in the for a limited Time: And the same was received; and

— ‘ read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

said Town and Borough: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pas3 into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties Duties on

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the on Sope and Candles, from the <;th Day of Julu 1782 SoPe> f'c-

.Li. u____:j Dili ________j - c______/ m:__________ L.r ..l rv... _r / ordered.

to the 5th Day of July 1786; distinguishing each Year.

Bill relating to Vagrants, &c. passed.

Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if

they think fit. Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Hull Docks

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of Pet'1*00 «*> the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brother- P°rted-said Petition. hood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity

House of Kingston upon Hull, under their respective An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of Common Seals, and of the Merchants, Ship Owners, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Port of George the First, intituled, "An Act for making per- Kingst upon Hull, and others interested in the Trade " petual so much of an Act made in the Tenth Year and Shipping of the said Port was referred; That the " of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pecontinuing several Acts therein mentioned, as re- tition; and had directed him to report the same, as " lates to the building and repairing County Gaols; it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the " and also, an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at " Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and as followeth;

" for making more effectual the Act of the Thir- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an " teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se- Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of " cond, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles His present Majesty, for making and establishing " and Orders for the regulating and better Govern- public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for " nient of his Majesty’s Ships of War and Forces by the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of CusSea," as gives a discretionary Power to Magistrates toms, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port to commit Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders, of K for making a Bason or»Dock, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works,

Common Gaol or House of Correction, was read the for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Third Time. Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belong-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ing to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums be, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George Port, for those Purposes; and for establishing other the First, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual so necessary Regulations within the Town ana Port " much of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the of Kingston upon Hull, was read; whereby His MaReign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing jesty was Empowered to appoint open Quays at the,

Vol. 42. 7 Q Port

Hull Docks.

610 28° Martii. A. 1787.

Port of Kingston upon Hull, in the Manner directed by the said Act, and the Company therein described were im powered to make a Bason or Dock, to extend from the River Hull to a Place in the said Town, called Beverley Gates, or as near thereto as conveniently might be, and to make the same in all Parts equal in Depth to the Bed of the River, or at least within Fifteen Inches of the same, for the Admission of loaded Ships, and of such Width at least as the Ground granted by the said Act would admit, and such Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other Works, as should be judged necessary, and also a Quay or Wharf of a sufficient Length for the Trade of the said Town and Port, to range along the Side of the said Dock next the Town; and the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Town of Kingston upon Hullthe Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, and the several Persons whose Names are therein for that Purpose expressed, and all others who should become Subscribers towards the Expence of carrying on the said Works, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such other Persons as they or the major Part of them should at any Meeting appoint, were united into a Company for the Purposes of the said Act, and were declared to be a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of " The Dock Company at " Kingston upon Hull;" and certain Parts of His Majesty’s Military Works at Kingston upon Hull were thereby granted and appropriated for the Purposes before mentioned, and no other; and the said Company were thereby required at all Times sufficiently to repair, support, and cleanse the said Dock and Quay, and all other the Works to be made by them, by virtue of the said Act; and in order to facilitate the Execution of the said Works the Sam of £. 15,000 was directed to be paid out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port of Kingston upon Hull, at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned; and the said Company were authorized to raise among themselves a Sum of Money not exceeding £. 80,000, to be divided into Shares of £.500 each; and the several Subscribers were to receive after the Works were completed, a proportionable Part of the Profits arising from the Money to be raised by the Authority of the said Act, and to bear an adequate Proportion of the said Money towards carrying on the stud Undertaking; and if the said Sum of £. 80,000 should not be raised, or should be insufficient for making the said Dock and other Works, the said Company were thereby authorized to borrow at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, so much Money as might make up the said Sum of £. 80,000, and such further Sums of Money, not exceeding £ 20,000, for completing the said Works; and certain Rates and Duties, particularly expressed in the said Act, were thereby granted to the said Company, and made payable from the 31st Day of December 1774, and the said Company were thereby impowered to lessen the Duties of Tonnage granted by the said Act, and to raise the same again, as to them should seem meet, so as the Duties, when advanced, should not exceed the Duties thereby granted; and certain Commissioners were by the said Act authorized to appoint Officers, make Bye Laws and Contracts, but subject to the Controul of the said Company, and also to purchase Lands for the Purposes of the Act; and if any of the Lands so to be purchased should not be used or wanted for those Purposes, the Commissioners were directed to sell (he same, and apply the Money arising from such Sale to the Use of the Company.

Then Mr. Thomas Westerdcll, thte Dock and Harbour Master, being examined, said, That the Dock Company have made a Dock from the River Hull to near Beverley Gates, and also a Quay or Wharf to the same, as directed by the Act; that he was appointed

by the Trinity House, and has been in Office since the Year 1774. — Being asked. If he understands the Powers vested in him by the Act ? he said, He hopes he does; that those Powers are the birthing and regulating the Ships in the Harbour and Dock. — And being asked, If he does not look upon the Haven or old Harbour, according to the Powers of the Act, to be, along with the Dock, the Port of Kingston upon Hull ? he said, He does in Part. — Being asked, In what Part? he said, When the Dock is so full that there is no Room within it, he has a Right to stop such Ships as have not Occasion to go to the Quays for the Revenue, and to order them into the old Harbour; that he conceives he has a Right to remove from the Dock into the Harbour old "Ships, such as are rendered useless for Sea Service, and no others, according to the Act.

Being asked, Whether the Act does not direct Ships to be moored near to the Banks of the Humber? he said, Only Ships rendered unfit for Sea Service, that he knows of; that it is only in that Sense that he means he has Powers to remove. — Being asked, Whether he has not received Orders and Directions from the Trinity House, and even Counsel’s Opinion, for that Purpose? he said, He received a Letter from the Trinity House, with a Copy of Counsel's Opinion, which he said he had in his Pocket; but that it contained no Directions as he conceives.

The Letter then being produced and read, he was asked, Whether he did not say, that, notwithstanding the Opinion of Counsel, he had his own Opinion, and should follow his own Judgment? he said. He had Occasion for that; he could receive no Orders from the Trinity House after he had sent them a Letter with the State of the Dock, though he had received-several Letters before to follow their Orders. — Being asked, Whether he has, since the Dock was opened in 1778, given Directions for a proper Number of Ships to be laid up in the old Harbour in the Winter Moriths, by which Means both Dock and Harbour might accommodate each other? he said, He never looked upon it that he had it in his Power to refuse any Ships coming into the Dock, until the same was full; if he had ever received Orders from the Trinity House to stop the Ships coming into the Dock, he should have done it. — Being asked, How many Ships of moderate Size, such as usually trade to Hull, the old Harbour would contain under the Regulations of the Dock Act? he said, He thinks about Sixty, but it would stop in a great Measure the Merchants Business. — Being asked, If he has not seen more tfian Three in a Tier ? he said, He has seen Six, but that was before the Dock was opened.

And Mr. Westerdellbeing further examined, said,

That the Trade at the Port of Hull has increased within these Ten Years last past — that the Ships which frequent that Port are become more numerous and of larger Dimensions — that proper Accommodation cannot be obtained for the Shipping in the present State of the Dock; and that it is not practicable to cleanse the Dock, whilst the Shipping continues so crowded, with the present Machine used for that Purpose. — That Vessels have been prevented from entering the Dock, owing to the Want of a sufficient Depth Of Water, occasioned by Mud Banks and other Obstructions; and that others have been detained within the DoCk owing to similar Causes, and retarded from prosecuting their Voyages. — And being asked, If he could mention any particular Vessels that have been prevented from entering into or going out of the Dock, within Twelve Months last past? he said, Yes, a Brig belonging to Mr. John Huntington, and another Vessel Whose Name he could not recollect; the first in going out, the other in coming in — The Vessel was prevented by the Mud from going out, and the other prevented from coming in by a Mud Bank, near the Entrance

7 Geo. III. a8° Martii 611

Entrance — That several Vessels have been refused Admittance into the Dock this Winter, for Want of sufficient Room to do Business — That alarming and dangerous Consequences are to be apprehended, in case of Fire, to the whole Shipping in the Dock, and to the Town; and that in case the present Bason and Dock should be enlarged and extended, such Losses, Damages, and Inconveniencies would in a great Measure be prevented, and a more safe and commodious Station be provided for the receiving, harbouring, lading, and unlading Ships and Vessels resorting to, and trading with, the Port of Hull — That he conceives the 98th Clause of the Act ought to have been Part of the Case submitted to Counsel for his Opinion, relative to the Power of removing Ships or Vessels out of the Dock; and that he conceives it was more material for that Purpose, than the other Three Clauses put together — That he did not know of Counsel’s Opinion being taken on that Subject previous to the 16th of January 1787 — That he never received any Directions from the Trinity House, authorizing or enjoining him to remove any Ships (not old ones) out of the Dock; nor did he ever remove any Ships by Compulsion, except old ones, out of the Dock; that he does not know that the Dock Company, at any Time prior to the 16th of January 1787, called upon him so to do. — And being asked, Whether he was not made acquainted with a Vote and Order of the Trinity House, of the 7th of September 1785? he said, He had an Order from the Trinity House, to do his Duty in the old Harbour and the Dock, according to the Act — Being asked, Whether, supposing Thirty or Forty Ships were laid up in the Winter Months in the Old Harbour, there would not be every Convenience wanted ? he said, No. — And being asked, What Time of the Spring Tide the Ship was prevented going into the Harbour P he said, It was the 20th of November 1786, about the Height of the Springs; but that they had dien very poor Tides.

Then Mr. James Green, Secretary to the Trinity House of Hull, was asked, Whether the whole Money actually advanced by the Subscribers in the Purchase of Lands for making the Dock, Erection of Buildings, and other the Purposes of the Undertaking, exceeded the Sum of £. 30,000, or £. 250 a Share? he said, It did not.

Then Mr. Josiah Pricket being examined, said, That the Company have purchased several Parcels of Land, and in particular One Parcel, amounting to Ten Acres and upwards, and which, from its Vicinity to the Dock,' is of great Value, and in his Judgment it is worth, to be sold, Ten Shillings a Square Yard and upwards; for that he has known several Parcels that have been sold at Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, and at One Pound and upwards, a Square Yard; that he prepared the Conveyances of them himself — That he ascertains the Purchases made by the Dock Company, by Extracts made from the Books of the Register’s Office kept for the East Riding of the County of York — That of some of the Purchases he

knows the exact Purchase Money, it being expressed in the Purchase Deeds inrolled in the Register’s Office; and of One of die Purchases, the Tide Deed to which is not inrolled, he learnt the Price by a Letter from Mr. G rims tons Steward; the Purchase Money given by the Dock Company to Mr. for the Purchase of the Ground bought of him, was about £. 200 an Acre, as he learnt by a Letter he received from Mr. Graves, Mr. Grimston's Steward; the Purchase Money given by the Dock Company to the Mayor and Burgesses, for Property the Dock Company purchased of them, appears to be expressed in the inrolment of the Purchase Deeds thereof, and to amount to the Sum of £. 6,575; the Property purchased of Mr. Krmdton, as expressed in the Inrolment of the Purchase Deed, amounts to £, 1.100 — That

Vo L. 42.

he believes there are upwards of Ten Acres of Land Hull Docks, purchased by the Dock Company, exclusive of Roads, that are now unappropriated to the Purposes of the Act, and that he thinks the Value of those Ten Acres of Land to be £. 24,200, which is at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Square Yard — That a considerable Part of those Ten Acres lie at present useless — That he conceives nearly the whole erf that Land to be unnecessary for the Purposes of the Act. — Being asked,

Whedier lie knows what the Company paid for those Ten Acres ? he said, It was comprehended in different Purchases. — And being asked, How he accounts for this great Price being given for Land in that Spot? he said, Partly from the great Increase of Trade and Commerce in the Place, and the Influx of Inhabitants; and notwithstanding the Buildings that have been al- . ready erected, he does not know a House that remains uninhabited; and he further believes, that was this very Piece of Ground now at Market, it would produce the Sum he has estimated it at — That he attributes the Increase of Inhabitants, and the Increase of Trade, to the Situation the Dock is now put in —

Being asked. Whether he understands that this Land, which he has told the Value of, is any Part of the Ground directed by the Act to be applied to the Purpose of making the Dock, or whether it was a voluntary Purchase by the Dock Company ? he said, lie never conceived that the Dock Act authorized the Company to purchase Grounds for the Purposes of Speculation, but for the express Purposes of the Act, and no other — That he conceives the Dock Company were prevented by the Act from making any Purchases, but for the Purposes of the Act — That he does not know whether the Value of this Land was settled . by a Jury under the Act of Parliament, or whether it was a Purchase, as between One Individual and another — That the Dock Company had a Power by the Act to call for the Intervention of a Jury, in any Purchases they made, in case the Parties should not render that unnecessary by agreeing without — That he believes the Purchases were all made in the Year 1775 — That he does not know whether it was previous to the Payment of the £. 15,000 allowed by Government — Being asked, If he knows whether this Ground has been applied by the Dock Company to any Use, and what? be said, He has seen Piles of Deals delivered from Vessels there — That there are Gentlemen present who have paid a Consideration for the Privilege of laying Deals there — That he has , been resident at Hull Eighteen Years. — Being asked,

Whether he does or does not know that the Company have used the Whole of this Ground, or Part of it, for the Purpose of depositing the Soil taken out of the Dock? he said. During the Time of making the Dock, they made Use of it for that Purpose, but it is his Opinion that One Half of the Quantity would have answered the Purpose; that he means to speak to the whole Quantity purchased — That they now make use of some Part of it for Purposes of that Kind.

Mr. James Green being then further examined, said,

That the Profits to which each Subscriber is entitled produced on an Average, for the Years 1783, 1784, and 1785, a clear Annual Income of £.29. 15 s. 4$ for each Share. — That the whole Average of the -Profits of the Undertaking exceeded those Three Years considerably. — Being asked, Whether he means the Dues received by the Dock Company, exclusive of any Ground which might have been sold? he said, He means the Whole of the Dock Company’s Receipts —

That he cannot ascertain, from the Inspection of the Books, what has been the Profits of the Company, exclusive of the Sale of Lands. — And being asked, If he knows of any Period in which the Company have sold any Part of the Laud that belonged to them, and at what Period it was? he said. In the Year 1782, the Dividends being higher for that Year than any Year

before

612

a 8° Marti/.

A. 1787.

before or since, he conceives it included the Profit on which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which Land sold. they had directed him to report to the House; and he

Then Mr. Charles Mountain being examined, said, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered That he is an Architect — That he believes that the the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Money which might arise from the Sale of the Dock Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Company’s open Ground, lying on the North Side of and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the the Dock, Mr. Blade’s Ship Yard, Normans Shop, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the and the Buildings adjoining thereto, the Property of House.

the Dock Company (exclusive of the Company’s Dock Orde, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Dues, Wharfage, Rates, Rents, and other Profits) to- ingrossed. gether with such Part of the Military Works as remain

unapplied to the Use of His Majesty’s Grant, would be Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Sawbridge do make Insolvent an adequate Fund to supply the present urgent Demand the Report from the Committee of the whole House, of the Public, and to defray all the Expences attending to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, the proposed new Works — That he understands by the and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases, was ~ ' committed.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

new Works, the Extension of the present Docks to My Ion Gates, of a sufficient Width to accommodate Fifty Sail of square-rigged Ships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the enlarging and extending the Bason or Dock at Kingston upon Hull, for the making additional Works there, for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money arising therefrom, for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty’s

-----1---- — , w. . Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, accord- Forth and

" Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Coming to Order, a Bill for varying and extending the Powers c*^e merce, in the Port of Kingston upon Hull; for mak- of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde

British Fisheries Bill passed.

ing a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices,

" Roads, and other Works for the Accommodation " of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating " certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for " applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those Purposes; " and for establishing other necessary Regulations " within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull" and for rendering the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in

Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Net Revenue of the Post Office, for Two Revenue of Years, ending the 5th Day of January\ 787; distinguish- ^r°d3^ffic" ing each Quarter of a Year. 0

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Revenue of the Post Office; for Two Years, ending the 5th Day of January, preceding the Commencement of the Rates and Duties charged by an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty; distinguishing each Quarter of a Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committc* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Public to take into further Consideration so much of His Ma- Accounts* jesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parlia-

the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, meat, upon the 23d Day of January last, as relates to intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement simplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches

" of the British Fisheries."

Ordered, That Sir A rchibald Edmonstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Promissory Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Notes Bill Order, a Bill for making perpetual Two Acts, passed presented. in Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Lord Frederick Campbell, according to Order, re-Skynner’s ported from the Committee of the whole House, to reported 'vl'om d'e Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a cer-p ‘ tain Annuity to Sir John Skynner, Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services,

of the Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Steele also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 23d Day of January last.

upon the 23d Day of January last, as and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execu- relates to simplifying the Public Accounts in the various tion of that Office, was committed; the Amendments Branches of the Revenue.

The

Motion for Committee on Corporation and Test Acts, Neg.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Storehouse Chapel Bill discharged, and another Bill ordered.

Sir John I Skynner's I Annuity Bill { passed.

27 Geo. III.

a8a- — 39° .

613

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the well governing and " regulating of Corporations," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-tifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Dangers " which may happen from Popish Recusants," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts, as requires Persons, before they are admitted into any Office or Place in Corporations, or having accepted any Office, Civil or Military, or any Place of Trust under the Crown, to receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England',

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers lor the Yeas, |£{rr; } 9«-

Tellers for theNoes^n- M, }

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovis, 29° die Martii;

Anno 27° Georgii III*" Regis, 1787. Praters.

THE House was moved, That the Order /made upon the 9th Day of this Instant March, " That " Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the " Chapel of East Stonehouse, in the Parish of " Andrew, Plymouth, in the County of Devon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Chapel of East Stonehouse, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Edgecumbe and Mr. Rash-leigh do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir John Skynner, Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, NemineContradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right honourable Sir John Skynner, Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Consi-Vol. 42.

deration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lords Walker: have aSreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ~"^rica?. Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating r e 1 ’ the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Brecon Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, ^oads passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the " County of Breconand for amending certain other Roads in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

"Mr. Edgecumbe presented to the House, according East Stone-to Order, a Bill for re-building the Chapel of Stonehouse, io the County of Devoti: And the same was e(j Present" received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Petition for Birmingham was presented to the House, and read; j’rovlsinJ1 m Setting forth, That Application hath been made to BilL* the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for widening and re-building the Bridge at the lower End of the said Town, called Deritend Bridge, and for opening-and making more safe and convenient the Street leading thereto; and Representing to the House, That it would be of great Advantage if Power was given to vary the Course of the River for the Distance of Seventy Yards, or thereabouts, above the said Bridge, by making a new Channel, in a straight Line, down to the said Bridge, and by making a new Course also for conveying Part of the Water running from a Slitting Mill, the Property of Sir Thomas ,into the said River, and by widening the Channel of the River below the said Bridge; and that the lower Part of the said Town is frequently overflowed by the said River in Times of Flood, and it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Town, if Power was given to erect a Weir upon the said River, or such other Works as may be found necessary to secure such Part of the said Town from being overflowed in future: And therefore praying,

That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effect- ing the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to whom petition for the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Com- Provision in monalty of the City of Bristol, under their Com- Bnsto1 mon Seal, was referred; That the Committee had ^rtedfU examined the Matter^ of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

7 R the

614

9° Ma

A. 1787.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, as followeth; viz. Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. That they had gone through the Bill, and made several John Lewis produced Consent of a Committee of the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Corporation of Bristol, and also of a Committee of the to report, when the House will please to receive the

That the Report be received Tomorrow

Parish of Saint James, to build a Parsonage House, as same, prayed for in the Petition. Ordered,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Morning, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill

for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and Mr. Brett presented to the House, according to Sandwich

County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for Order, a Bill for the better repairing, paying, cleans- Paving Bill building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church fog» lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, presented. Yard within the new Parish, That they do make Pro- and Lanes, of and in the Town of Sandwich, in the vision in the said Bill for providing a Parsonage House County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Scant

within the said new Parish.

Accounts The House befog informed that Mr. Morton, from wlating to the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Mr Hastings, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented presente . jjouse> pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of Demand, Receipts, and Balances, of the Districts of Bissinpoor and Patcheet, for

Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town and County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the Common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven, and to regulate the Births and Moor-

Four Years, commencing in April 1770; distinguishing fog Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper

Account of Seamen paying into Merchants Hospital, ordered.

Account of Revenue of Post Office presented.

each Year, and specifying the Names of the Farmers or Zemindars, and their Securities, in each of the said Years: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number and Names of the Aides de Camp to the Governor General in each Year, beginning the 1st of Jan 1774, and ending the 1st of January 1785.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen who have paid into the Merchants Hospital in the Port of London,

Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Earl of Momdo make the Report on Report from the Committee of the whole House, to simplifying whom it was referred to take into further Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech ACC to both Houses of Parliament, upon the Twenty-third Day of January last, as relates to simplifying the public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue.

The Earl of Mornington accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis.

2538. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon

mittee, mat a

from the 1st of January 1780 until the 31st Day of every Demi Piece of Cambrick, or French Lawn, con-December 1785, both Years inclusive. taining Six Ells and an Half, imported into this Kingdom, to be secured in Warehouses for Exportation.

The House being informed that Mr. Church, Deputy 2539. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Accountant General of the Post Office, attended at the mittee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of the House, pursuant to their Order, Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of any British Colony

An Account of the Net Produce of the Post Office or Plantation in America, imported into this Kingdom.

2540. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, exported from this Kingdom.

2541. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of any other Country or Place, imported into this Kingdom.

2542. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twelve Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight

Revenue for Two Years, ending 5th January 1784; and for Two Years, ending 5th January 1787; distinguishing each Quarter of a Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue, and for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom, is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other of Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of any other Country

Committee on Pawnbroker! Bill.

Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

or Place, exported from this Kingdom.

2543. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, to be secured in Warehouses on Importation into this Kingdom.

2544. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

1 mittee,

in Geo. III. 29° Martii. 615

nrittee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, having been secured in Warehouses on Importation into this Kingdom.

2545. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of any other Country or Place, to be secured in Warehouses on Importation into this Kingdom.

2546. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Cocoa Nuts, which shall have been secured in Warehouses on Importation into this Kingdom, when taken out of such Warehouses for Home Consumption.

2547. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Colfee, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into this Kingdom.

2548. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Coffee, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, exported from this Kingdom.

2549. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Coffee, of the Produce of any other Country or Place, imported into this Kingdom.

2550. Resolved, That.it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Fifteen Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Coffee, of the Produce of any other Country or Place, exported from this Kingdom.

2551. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Coffee, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, to be secured in Warehouses on Importation into this Kingdom.

2552. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Coffee, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, having been secured in Warehouses on Importation into this Kingdom.

2553. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Coffee, of the Produce of any other Country or Place, to be secured in Warehouses on Importation into this Kingdom.

2554. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Coffee, which shall have been secured in Warehouses on Importation into this Kingdom, when taken out of such Warehouses for Home Consumption.

2555. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Arrack imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

2556. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Arrack exported from this Kingdom.

2557. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon

Vol. 42.

every Gallon of Brandy imported into this Kingdom.

2558. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence be allowed: upon every Gallon of Brandy exported from this. Kingdom.

2559. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Eight, Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Citron Water imported into this Kingdom.

2560. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every Gallon of Citron Water exported from this Kingdom.

2561. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Geneva imported into this Kingdom.

2562. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Geneva exported from this Kingdom.

2563. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Hungary Water imported into this Kingdom.

2564. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Hungary W'ater exported from this Kingdom.

2565. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rosa Solis imported into this Kingdom.

2566. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Rosa Solis, exported from this Kingdom.

2567. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into this Kingdom.

2568. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Rum, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation in America, exported from this Kingdom.

2.569. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seveh Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Foreign Rum imported into this Kingdom.

2570. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Foreign Rum exported from this Kingdom.

2571. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Visney imported into this Kingdom.

2572. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Visney exported from this Kingdom.

2573. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Usquebaugh imported into this Kingdom.

2574. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Usquebaugh exported from this Kingdom.

2575. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Cordial Water, Strong

Water,

Report on

simplifying the Public Accounts.

Report on simplifying the Public Accounts.

616 29* Martii. . 1787.

Water, or other Spirits, not otherwise described and enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

2576. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Cordial Water, Strong Water, or other Spirits, not otherwise described and enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

2577. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings be charged upon every Ton, -containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of

or Hungary Wine, imported into this Kingdom in British-built Ships.

2578. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of , German,

or Hungary Wine, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships.'

2579. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Thirty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2580. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, having been imported into this Kingdom in J5r//«A-built Ships, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2581. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nineteen Pounds Twelve Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, imported into the Port of London in Bri/wA-built Ships.

2582. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-two Pounds Eight Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, imported into the Port of London in Foreign Ships.

2583. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nineteen Pounds Twelve Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, having been imported into the Port of London, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2584. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Pounds Nine Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, having been imported into the Port of London, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2585. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, in British-built Ships.

2586. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nineteen Pounds Twelve Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Ttvo hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated,

imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, in Foreign Ships.

2587. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, having been imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2588. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Thirteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, having been imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2589. Resolved, That it is the Opinion'of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, imported into any Port of England in B/vVwA-built Ships, and entered for Prisage,

2590. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, imported into any Port of England in Foreign Ships, and entered for Prisage.

2591. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, having been entered for Prisage, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2592. Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty Pounds Thirteen Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, having been entered for Prisage, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2593. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, imported into the Port of London in -BririiA-built Ships, and entered for Prisage.

2594. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, imported into the Port of London in Foreign Ships, and entered for Prisage.

2595. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, having been imported into the Port of London, and entered for Prisage, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America.

2596. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eleven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of

Portugal,

27 Geo. III. 29° Martii. 617

Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not Three Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Single Report «i

otherwise enumerated, having been imported into the firandy which shall be imported into Great Britain, simplifying Port of London, and entered for Prisage, exported to to be paid by the Importer before the landing any Place except to any British Colony or Plantation thereof.

in America. 2fto(i. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

2597. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Excise of Eight Shillings mittee, That a Duty of Twelve Pounds Eleven Shil- and One Penny be charged upon every Gallon of lings and Two Pence be charged upon every Ton, Brandy, above Proof, which shall be imported into containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer before the Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not landing thereof.

otherwise enumerated, imported into any Port of 2607. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

England, except the Port of London, in RrfrwA-built mittee. That a Duty of Excise of Three Shillings

Ships, and entered for Prisage. and Seven Pence be charged upon every Gallon of

2598. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, of the Produce of the mittee, That a Duty of Fourteen Pounds Seven British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be im-Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every ported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain,

Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gal- to be paid by the Importer before the landing Ions, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other thereof.

Wine not otherwise enumerated, imported into any 2608. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Port of England, except the Port of London, in Fo- mittee, That a Duty of Excise of Six Shillings and

reign Ships, and entered for Prisage. Eight Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum,

2599. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above Proof, of the Produce mittee. That a Drawback of Twelve Pounds Eleven of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon every be imported from beyond the Seas into Great *

Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gal- tainto be paid by the Importer before the landing Ions, of Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other thereof.

Wine not otherwise enumerated, having been im- 2609. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

ported into any Port of England, except the Port of mittee, That a Duty of Excise of Four Shillings London, and entered for Prisage, exported to any and Three Pence be charged upon every Gallon of British Colony or Plantation in America. Single Spirits, or Aqua Vita? (other than such Brandy,

2600. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid) which shall mittee. That a Drawback of Ten Pounds and Five be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Bri-Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two tain, to be paid by the Importer before the landing hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal, Madeira, thereof.

Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerat- 2610. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corned, having been imported into any Port of England, mittee, That a Duty of Excise of Eight Shillings except the Port of London, and entered for Prisage, and One Penny be charged upon every Gallon of exported to an'y Place except to any British Colony or Spirits, or Aqua Vitae (other than such Brandy, Plantation in America. Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid) above

2601. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas

mittee, That a Duty of Excise of Six Pence Half- into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer before

penny be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoir- the landing thereof.

dupoisc of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce 2611. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-of any British Colony or Plantation in America, which mittee, That an Allowance of Ten Pence be made

shall have been secured in Warehouses on Importation upon every Barrel of Beer, or Ale, above Six Shil-

into this Kingdom, when taken out of such Ware- lings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby im-houses for Home Consumption; and so in Proportion posed thereon) which shall be brewed by the Com-for any greater or lesser Quantity. mon Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who

2602. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or mittee, That a Duty of Excise of One Shilling and privately, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

Eight Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight and returned by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for Avoirdupoise of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Pro- any greater or lesser Quantity.

duce of any other Place, which shall have been se- 2612. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- cured in Warehouses on Importation into this King- mittee, That an Allowance of Three Pence be made dom, when taken out of such Warehouses for Home upon every Barrel of Six Shilling Beer, or Ale, or Consumption; and so in Proportion for any greater under, which shall be brewed by the Common Brewer, or lesser Quantity. or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell

2G03. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in mittee, That a Duty of Excise of Six Pence Half- that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned penny be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoir-; by the Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater dupoise of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any or lesser Quantity.

British Colony or Plantation in America, which shall 2613. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-have been secured in Warehouses on Importation into mittee, That an Allowance of Six Pence be made this Kingdom, when taken out of such Warehouses upon every Barrel of Two-penny Ale, mentioned and for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of any greater or lesser Quantity. Union, which shall be brew'ed within that Part of

2604. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the mittee, TH&t a Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence Gauger; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise Quantity.

of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any other 2614. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-Place, which shall have been secured in Warehouses mittee, That a Drawback of Five Pence be allowed on Importation into this Kingdom, when taken out upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of Choco-of such Warehouses for Home Consumption, and so in late, which shall be made in Great Britain, of Cocoa Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony

2605. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- or Plantation in America, for which all the Duties mittee, That a Duty of Excise of Four Shillings and hereby imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been

Vol. 42. 7 S paid,

6i8 290 — 30°

paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2615. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoise of Chocolate, which shall be made in Great Britain, of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, for which all the Duties hereby imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

The said Resolutions, as for as the Resolution marked 2581, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Resolution marked 2581, for imposing a Duty upon Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wine not otherwise enumerated, imported into the Port of London in British~b\ii[t Ships, being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; and for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Conwli- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 100 1 House, upon the Bill for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, to-

f ther with the other Duties composing the Public evenue; and for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufocture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Accounts which were presented to the House upon Friday last, by Mr. from the Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Persons to Ordered, That the Auditor of Indian Accounts to attend on the East India Company do, Tomorrow Morning, Charge attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom Marinas.f* it is referred to consider further of the several Articles 8' of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against

K

Martii. 1787.

Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal; and that he do bring with him the Vouchers, or Copies thereof, of all Receipts from Paymasters, for any Sums of Money received from the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, out of, or on Account of, Presents taken by him, or from his private Cash, as also the Journals and Ledgers for the Years 1781 and 1782.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Peter Moore, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,30° die;

Anno 27° Georgii III. Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher Royal a»-of the Black Rod: K,u 10

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of thU Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March Omr thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, ana Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace; within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose:

An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Way of Milford Haven:

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects oPHis Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual:

An Act for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham:

An

7 Geo. III. 30 0 Mart619

An Act for continuing the Term of Three Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham, through to High Bulion, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Port Way, at the End of Lane, next to Bihton, and to Nether near Dudley, in the

Counties of Waru'ick, Worcester, and Stafford, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Lane, in the Parish of Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keybeny Bridge to the Passage at Shalldan, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Geoi'ge the Third, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening several Roads in the " County of Brecon," and for amending certain other Roads in the said County:

An Act for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chandler:

An Act for naturalizing Peter John Hosch.

Camberwell Sir Joseph Maxvbey reported from the Committee,

Watch Pe- to whom the Petition of several principal Inhabitants ution re- Gf the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the

’K>rt* ‘ County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for lighting and " watching the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham,

" in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads therein " mentioned, leading thereto; and for establishing a " Foot Patrole between Peckham and Blackman Street,

" in the Borough of Sowas read. And,; Claud Champion Crespigny, Esquire, being examined,

said, That the said Act has in some Respects been found defective, particularly from the Want of a separate Set of Trustees for each Village, which, on Account of the length of Road directed to be lighted and watched,

I has been attended with great Inconvenience to the In-

habitants of Camberwell-, and that the Purposes of the said Act, so far as relates to Camberwell, might be better executed, and at less Expence, if separate Trustees were appointed, and separate Rates collected for that Village, and the Roads and other Places belonging thereto.

James Mill, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better lighting and watching the Village of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto: And that Sir Joseph Maw bey and Mr. Norton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Cart Navi- Mr. Shaw Stewart presented to the House, accord-gation Bill ing to Order, a Bill for enabling the Magistrates and presented. Town Council of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a Navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 42.

Mr, Alderman Watson, according to Order, reported Pa*n. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the broker* Bill Bill for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawn- r*Por,*d* brokers, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House ad-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Monday0

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported Wheat, Bar-from the County of Suffolk, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, to what Port or Place, and the Bounty pn°portr8d> paid thereon; also, an Account of all Wheat, Barley, ordered. ’ and Malt, sent Coastwise from the said County, and to what Port or Place, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each Year, and from what Port or Place within the said County the same was exported or sent Coastwise; likewise, an Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Barley imported into the said County, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon, in each Year, and into- what Port or Place within the said County the same was imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported from the County of Essex, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, to what Port or Place, and the Bounty paid thereon; also, an Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, sent Coastwise from the said County, and to what Port or Place, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each Year, and from what Port or Place within the said County the same was exported or sent Coastwise; likewise, an Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Barley imported into the said County, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon, in each Year, and into what Port or Place within the said County the same wa9 imported.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according Steeton and to Order, a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Eastbum Inseveral Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within closur* the Manor or Manors, and Township or Townships of I>rcMn Steeton and Eastbum, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Master presented to the House, according to Bristol Order, a Bill for dividing the Parish of Saint James, Church BUI in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Glou* prWfcnte ‘ tester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery, or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within the new Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex- Papers retract of Mr. Hastings's Remarks on Mr. Francis's pro- *P«ct'"g Mr. posed Instructions to the Provincial Councils, entered on the Bengal Revenue Consultations of the 7th of w* ’ March 1775.

Ordered,

6 so

3o° Ma.

A. 1787.

Mr. Young to attend on Charge against Mr. Hastings.

Kirkwall

Ordered, That William Youftg, Esquire, do, this in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant

Day, attend the Committee of the whole House, to to their Order,

whom it is referred to consider further of the several An Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors of the Duties on Canvas and Lawns, granted by an Act against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor Ge- of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

neral of Bengal.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming

El.ction Pe- the adjourned Consideration of the Motion made upon

titions with- Monday last, That Major General Charles Ross, and drawn. - — —

from the Commencement of the Duty to die 5th Day of January 1787.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

the Magistrates and Council of the Town or Borough Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

of Dingwall, have Leave to withdraw their Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, Wick, Domock, Tain, and Dingwall, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Consolid®.

____________________B__________,0.j , Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tion BlU r«-

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and porle3‘ the said Motion. granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying

And Charles Ross, Esquire, the Sitting Member, the said Duties, together with the other Duties corn-having, in his Place, acquainted the House, That he posing the Public Revenue; and for permitting the 1m-consented to the withdrawing of the said Petitions; portation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

The House was moved, That the several Orders the Produce or Manufacture of the European Domi-made upon the 1st Day of February last, for taking the nions of the French King, into this Kingdom, was coin-said Petitions into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 17th mitted; the Amendments which the Committee had ~ made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments

Day of April next, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Major General C Ross,

and the said Magistrates and Council of the Town or were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

Paper* respecting Mr. Hastings presented.

Borough of Dingwall, have Leave to withdraw their said Petitions.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

"t

'It to

:jOQ

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extract of Mr. Hastings’s Remarks on Mr. s

proposed Instructions to the Provincial Councils.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Duties on Sope and

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he C&ndles'pit- was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, euted. "

pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Sope and Candles, from the 5th Day of

then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Considwa-Consideration the Matter of the Complaint made to the of Cu"" M House, upon the 9th Day of February last, " That the phe shmff '

" Writ for the last Election of a Member to serve in Depute of " Parliament for the County of Renfrew was sealed and Renfrew de- " tested on the 26th Day of June 1786; that the said " Writ was delivered to Charles M'Dcrwall, of Crichen,

" Esquire, the Sheriff Depute of the said County, on " or before the 20th Day of July 1786; that the said " Sheriff, although' frequently requested, instead of " naming an early and convenient Day for the Election " of a Member, to be held in pursuance of the said Writ, unnecessarily, and contrary to the Duty of his Office, delayed executing the same, by not proceeding to hold the Election until the 19th of October following

Ordered, That the Matter of the stud Complaints be

1782 to the 5th Day of July 1786; distinguishing each taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 17th Day of

Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Duties on Canvas, &c. withdrawn, and another ordered.

The House being informed of a Mistake in the Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer of the Duties on Canvas and Lawns, granted by an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, from the

April next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply d* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ferred-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Rrewnttd.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean* d«-Coramencement of the Duty to the 5th Day of January to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferrei 1777, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Day of this Instant March; And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, instead thereof.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from The other Order of the Day being read; Committee

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Charge

whole afeainsl »ir.

Hastings.

27 Geo. III. 30° Martii — tf A C21

whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the ('hair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he wus directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve , itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

further of the said Articles.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Burges reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

t

; Ldtn Ordered, That Mr. Burges have Leave to make a

1 tram Fort Motion, it being near Twelve of the Clock.

St. George to And he moved the House accordingly. wdertd*erSOa Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George, to David Anderson, Esquire, dated Fort Saint George, 15th 1782.

£rj Martin Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according

:>i-' iin»ood to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Low indosurf. Lands and Common Fens within the Hamlet of Mar-

4c. Bill, in the Parish of Timberland, and within the Parish

Fesen,e"* of Blankney, in the County of , and for draining

and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold have Leave to make a Motion.

j And he moved the House accordingly.

1 And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna,2° die Aprilis;

Anno 27* Georgii IIl,a Regis, 1787* Praters.

Bitteswell *\ T R. Hunger/ord presented to the House, accord-

inclosure Bill IVA ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing

presented. the Open and Common Fields and Commonable

Places in the Parish of Bitteswell, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

East Stone- . A Bill for re-building the Chapel of East Stonehouse,

house Chapel in the County of Deoon, was read a Second Time.

V ®Jcomnut' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

cumbe, Mr. Bastard, See.: And they are to meet this Vo L. 42.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on, Fawken-upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ,vorc# Act to dissolve the Marriage of William,

Esquire, with Georgiana Ann Poyntz, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenoille took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenoille reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill to enable the East India Company to conti- East India nue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and Billcom-discharged from the Regulations and Directions con- nutted, tained in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further and better " Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and " for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by " Fire, within the Citie^ of London and Westminster,

" and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes,

" Precincts, and Places within the Weekly Bills of " Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bon, »

" dington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea,

" in the County of Middlesex, and for indemnifying,

" under certain Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against the Penalties to which they are or " may be liable, for erecting Buildings within the " Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law," was read a Second Time.

Besolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier, Mr. Purling, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Joseph Maybey presented to the House, accord- Camberwell ing to Order, a Bill for better lighting and watching Lighting, the Village of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, -

and certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near p thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to Birmingham whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Bridge Peti-Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the hou reported. Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and fouqd that the said Application is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to erecting Bridges, it not being for erecting a Bridge, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

7 T To

1

6aa

Aprilir.

A. 1787.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Sheasby being examined, said, That the only Road or Passage from the Town of Birmingham, which leads from thence to the Towns of Warwick, Stratford upon Avon, and the City of Coventry, is over a certain Bridge at the lower End of the said Town of Birmingham, called Bridge — That the said Bridge, having been erected many Years, is considerably impaired, and the Passage leading to and over the same is very narrow; and, owing to die great Increase of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and other Persons having Occasion to pass the same, is become very unsafe, incommodious, and inadequate to the Accommodation of tire Public.

And being further examined, he said, That the said Road or Passage cannot be sufficiently widened, and rendered safe and cc unless the said Bridge is and also unless several Houses and other Buildings on each Side of the said Bridge, and which obstruct the Passage thereto, are taken down and removed.

And, to prove the Allegations of the last mentioned

oise reported from the Committee, to whom Hurstey, &c. of the several Persons whose Names are ^oadapeu-:

Mr. Jercoise the Petition

thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and amending the Road, from " the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of,

" in the County of Southampton, through the Borough " of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and front Newbury to Chilton Pond and " Neu'tm n River," was referred, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the commodious for Passengers, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at taken down and re-built, the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Richard Townsend and Mr. Ralph Etwall, Clerks of the Districts of Roads, being examined, said, That

*-Di

ttoareported. U

c<

Cl

lb

tin

T.

at

ee.

Petition, Mr. Sheasby being again examined, said.

That the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham a great Progress hath been made in putting the said Act is frequently Overflowed by the stud River in Times in Execution, in the doing of which a considerable of Flood, to the great Annoyance, Inconvenience, Debt had been incurred, which could not be repaid. Loss, and Damage of the Inhabitants thereof; and that he apprehends the said Inconvenience may be removed, if Power was given to vary the Course of the River within a certain Distance of the said Bridge, and likewise to make a new Cut or Watercourse for

and the Roads properly amended, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued, altered, and enlarged: And

Mr. Townsend being further examined, said, That the Road from the South End of Bartholomew Street,

conveying Part of the Water running from a Slitting in to the Turnpike Road at Speenhomland,

Mill, the Property of Sir Thomas Gooch, into the -

said River, and to wid6n and deepen the Channel of the River below the said Bridge; and also, if Power was given to erect a Weir upon the said River near the Flood Gates, below the said Bridge, or such other Works as may be found necessary to secure the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed in future. — And the Witness added, That the effecting

Papers respecting East India Affairs presented.

iOdU

K.

is much out of Repair, and that it would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood if the same ,ji.

were included in the said Act, and repaired under m.

the Directions thereof, but that no Gate is intended to be erected thereon, or additional Toll taken on that Account,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, the said Purposes will be of great Convenience to the of an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Inhabitants residing in the lower Part of the said Town, His present Majesty, for repairing and amending tire and of public Utility. Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill of Hursley, in the County of Southampton, through for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton widening the Avenues thereto, and for preventing Pond and Newtown River; and for amending and the lower Part of the said Town from being Over- keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of flowed: And that Sir Robert Lauiley and Sir George Bartholomew Street, in the said Town of Newbury, to Augustus William Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the Turnpike Road at Speenhomland, in the said County the same. of Berks: And that Mr. Jervoise, and Mr.

thwayte do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed That Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at A Bill for varying and extending the Powers of the Forth and the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navi- Clyde Com-to the House, pursuant to their Orders, gation, was read a Second Time. pan/sBiii

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the President and Select Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas comnutt*<<-Committee oif Fort Saint George to David Anderson, Dundas the Lord Maitland, 8cc.: And they are to meet Esquire, dated Fort Saint George, 15th March 1782: this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s And al$o, Chamber.

N° 2. An Account of the Expences charged to the Company for the Journey of Sir Elijah Impey into the Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, accord- Glasgow Provinces, in the Year 1781. ing to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter Road Bill

Together with a LiBt of the said Paper and Ac- and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the PrestnUi

count. Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign

And then he withdrew. of ho late Majesty King George the Second, and the

And the said list was read. Sixth Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, so

Ordered, That the said Paper and Account do lie far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Redburn Bridge, and for altering the Course of the House. Road from Glasgow to Redbum Bridge, and for repair-

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said ing the Road from Redbum Bridge to Bonny Water, in Paper and Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the County of Stirling And the same was received; the Use of the Members of the House. and read the First Time.

The said Paper and Account are preserved amongst Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

the other Papers of tins Session.

9 A Petition

a? Geo. III. 2° Ap* 62$

Ktition A Petition of the principal Tradesmen and Retail Dealers in the Borough of , in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin: And praying, That the House will take the Petitioners Case into Consideration, and give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House rfSBPPv' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

Actoonta, JC9ty» uow retire, referred; And the said Order being read accordingly;

Serpiuaes. Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Army Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Ex-

latna. pences of the Army, incurred, and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1785 to the 24th of December 1786, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

HilfPay. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

CMmOnt- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pen-Pauioners. sioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Chelsea In- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Peuiooers. Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

MPay. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scots Brigade in the* Service of the States General, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

British and Ordered, That the Estimate of the Difference between Irish Esta- the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments of lishment. Battalions and Companies of Foot, for the respective Times therein mentioned, in the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ptosions to Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pen-Widow*. gions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

MBA Mu- Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of The British Museum, be referred to the said Committee. c‘ Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Accounts of the " Trustees of The British ," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Vox.. 42.

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean* de-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- ferred* ply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Charg# to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of *8al"t Mr* High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hast- M ings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee} That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, together with the Minutes of the Evidence received by the said Committee upon the several Articles of Charge referred to them, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day.

Mr. St. John also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee of the Report froM whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and on Charge Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late *8ain.8t ^r* Governor General of Bengal, the Resolutions which. asU"e*‘ upon the 22d Day of March last, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order to add at the End of the Question the Words " Tomorrow Morning."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Resolutions of the said Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That this Committee, having considered the Third Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, and examined Evidence thereupon, is of Opinion, That there is Ground for impeaching the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, upon the Matter of the said Article.

Resolved, That this Committee, having considered the Fourth Article of the said Charjge, and examined Evidence thereupon, is of Opinion, That there is Ground for impeaching the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, upon the Matter of the said Article.

Resolved, That this Committee, having considered the Fifth Article of the said Charge, and exatnltied

Evidence

6a4

2* — 3°

A. 1787.

Evidence thereupon,- is of Opinion, That there is Ground for impeaching the said WarrenHastings, Esquire, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, upon the Mattel of the Said Article.

Resolved, That this Committee, having considered the Seventh, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Articles of the said Charge, and examined Evidence thereupon, is of Opinion, That there is Ground for impeaching the -said Warren Hastings, Esquire, of High Crimes and

Misdemeanors, upon the.Matter of the said Articles, so far as the same relate to the Conduct of the said Warren ' Hastings respecting the Contract for Bullocks in September 1779, an<* for Opium in May 1781, and respecting the Allowances paid to Sir Eyre Coote, and charged on the Vizier of Oude, and so far as the said 'Articles respect the Agency in 1777,an^ the Contract in 1779, for victualling the Garrison of Fort William, granted to John Belli, Esquire, and the Agency for the

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to tire Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Further Report from Committee on Charge against Mr. Hastings.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Com- Graham's mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, 11,11 intituled, An Act for settling and securing certain p^£d,an4 Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Williams ton, the Lands of , Mansion

House of Lednock, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in Favour of, Thomas Graham, Esquire, of and the same Series of

Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six; and for vesting in the aforesaid Thomas Graham, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Supply of Rice, granted to James Peter Auriol, Esquire, Fee Simple, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton, in 1780. of Blair Lands, of and others lying

Resolved, That this Committee, having considered the within the aforesaid County of Perth, and County Twenty-second Article of the said Charge, and examined of Forfar, was committed; That the Committee had Evidence thereupon, is of Opinion, That there is Ground examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Cunynghame do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint, them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

for impeaching the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, upon the Matter of the said Article.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. St. John, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, the Resolution which the Committee had, this Day, directed him to report to the House, together with the Minutes of the Evidence received by the said Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That this Committee, having considered the Eighth Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, and examined Evidence thereupon, is of Opinion, That there is Ground for

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Trade and Busi- Pawnbrokers ness of Pawnbrokers, was read the Third Time. Dl111>dSS<;<1,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

h

Sit

‘iagtt

'Acts, Ms k Tiiitc laying Part Ale a

.kr was r fit

A

: City «as ot th peal 0 Tabl

A!

Cod

fetre

Maj

dire.

in

Cle

Th

hu

T<

je

P

th

P1

T

tc

Y

Mr. George Douglas reported from the Committee, to Lauder Road whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Bill reported.

1

impeaching the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, of High made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present j *»;.j »» r .1 Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of

Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Rorburgh, to The Marchburn, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had "one through the Bill, and

Crimes and Misdemeanors, upon the Matter of the satd Article.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning, at the same Time that the other Report, which was this Day made from the said Committee, shall be taken into further Consideration.

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 3? die Aprilis;

Anno 27* Georgii IIl,a Regis, 1787.

Fawkener’s

Divorce Bill passed.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Faw-kener, Esquire, with Georgiam Ann Poynts, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein metitioned, was read the Third Time. _ ,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kymston presented to the House, according to Shrewsbury Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Road®8,11 and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Pre*enUMl' Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Sln'ewsbury to Preston to

Shawbury, and to Shrey Hill, in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Roads from Preston Brockhurst aforesaid to the Warren House on Prees; from

Newport to Chester; from Sand ford to;

from High Ercall, and Crudington, to Chetwynd; and from Waters Upton to the Pinfold in Child's Ercall, in

the

47 Geo. III. 30 Jprilis.

62 5

the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

hj’i

'HK

Sir David Carnegie presented to the House, accord-UoPennies *nB to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of Two 5^ Bill Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of

presented, his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of

Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Abcrbrothock, and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the aiwist the City of New Sarum, in Common Council assembled, ‘011 "* was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Tax on Retail Shops; and praying for a Repeal of the said objectionable Tax.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Report

Supply.

r}‘.

Mr. Gilbeit, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand..Five hundred Seventy-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-seven thousand Seven hundred Ninety-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand and Thirty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5 th Day of July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign erf His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-four thousand Two hundred Thirty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780.

Vol. 43.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred Thirty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Ninety-two thousand Four hundred Forty-eight Pounds Fourteeti Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1783.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Thirty-two thousand Six hundred Fifty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Years 1784 and 178.5.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-three thousand Four hundred and Ten Pounds Six Shillings and- Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the Amount of the respective Sums paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April

1786, of the Duties granted by Two Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties on Tea, to satisfy the several proportional Sums directed by the said Acts to be applied to make good the Loss to sundry Funds, as also to make good to the said Sinking Fund the Loss occasioned by the Repeal of the said Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-two thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year

1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-three Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and Ninety-two Pounds and Ten Shillings be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nirie hundred and Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 7 U That

6 26

3° Aprilis.

A. 1787.

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Four hun- Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, dred Twenty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe-Pence be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the several Officers, late in the Service of the States Ge- House.

neral, for the Year 1787. Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, containing the same Allegations as the last preceding That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy- Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to

two thousand Five hundred Twenty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Eight hundred and Twelve Pounds Eight Shillings and Six

bring in a Bill for appropriating to the above Purpose a Sum of £. 1,000, Part of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus of the Monies arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, lately granted to the Representatives of the Persons who originally forfeited them, on Payment of certain Sums, which Balance was reserved for the future Disposal of Parliament,

and to be applied to public Uses in that Part of die Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for United Kingdom.

defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences at- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do extending the same, for the Year 1787. amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall appear to them, to the House:

That a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and One-fourth Part of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British ana Irish Establishment of several Battalions and Companies of Foot, for several Periods, in the Year 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And it is referred to Sir Hector Monro, Mr. Brodie, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Nairn, in North Britain, and of the Magistrates and

repairing Naim An Act Bridge.

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty-five Town Council of the Borough of Naim aforesaid, was thousand One hundred Seventeen Pounds Nineteen presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Ma- That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year jesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act

‘ to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were " put under the Management of a Board of Trustees " by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, " and to repeal the said Act," the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his said late Majesty was repealed, and it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to the Persons therein named and described, being the Representatives of the Persons who forfeited the said several forfeited Estates, upon their severally paying into the Court of

Peliiiou for Leave to present a Petition for

*7

Circ

son

ibeo

acco

liar

less

pule

Kin

of I

deif beifl litar be Wa thei mei in of< it enr are pa

C<

be

re<

ba

pr

th'

no

foi

His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 1785 to the 24th Day of December 1786, and not provided for by Parliament.

The stud Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Petition for ^et^on ^e Freeholders of the County of In-L«ave to vemess, and of the Magistrates and Council of the present a Pe- Town of Inverness, was presented to the House, and tion for re- read; Setting forth, That the Court of Justiciary vernessCoort ^eir Assizes for all the Northern Counties of House,&c. Scotland at the Town of Inverness, and the Court

P

F:

House and Gaol being very old, and incapable of fur- Exchequer in Scotland the several and respective Sums ther Repair, the Petitioners are under the Necessity of of Money in the said Act mentioned, at the Times re-building it, or rather of erecting a new and larger therein specified; and certain Sums, Part of the Mo-

Building than the former, for, as the Arts and Sciences find their Way to those Parts, Crimes and Offences keep Pace in some Measure; and that a Subscription has been opened for this Purpose, and, after collecting all they could, and reckoning on what further they may expect from Noblemen or Gentlemen connected with that Part of the Country, the Petitioners find there will not be Money enough for the Purpose by ,£.1,000; and that this Petition was

ney so directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer, were appropriated by the said Act for the Purposes, and to the Uses, of the Persons and Societies therem mentioned; and it was enacted, that in case the Sums to be paid into the said Court, in Consideration of the said annexed forfeited Estates being restored, should not be exhausted by the several Applications or Appropriations in the said Act specified, the Balance of the Money so to be paid in should re-

ready to be presented to the House on the last Day li- main under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer r.._ c: n'"- — * in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the public

Banks or public Funds, subject to the future Disposal of Parliament; and that the Bridge upon the River of Nairn was almost demolished and carried away by an uncommon Flood, in August 1782; that it makes a Part of the Post and Military Roads, and is the only Communication from the South East Parts of Scotland to Fort George, Inverness, and the rest of the Country to the Northward, of course the repairing the said Bridge is not only essential to the Interest of the Community in general, but to the King’s Service in particular, and, in case of Rebellion or Invasion, Fort George, which has cost the Public so much, would be inaccessible to His Majesty’s Forces by the Coast Road, should the said Bridge remain in its present State; and that the Petitioners have of late shared the Distresses of that Country, and, from other concurrent

Circumstances,

mited for receiving Petitions for private Bills, but, from not having been properly signed, the same could not be presented on that Day: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to present their said Petition, notwithstanding the Day limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills has elapsed.

Leave given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the stud Petition, Leave be

f’ven to present a Petition, as desired by the said reeholders of the County of , and Magistrates and Council of the Town of Inverness.

Inverness Then a Petition of the Freeholders of the County Court House, of Inverness, and of the Magistrates and Council of *c. Petition. Town of Inverness, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

2jGeo. III.

3° Aprilis,

627

Circumstances, the Funds of the Town have been so reduced, that the small Remnant has only enabled them to give the Bridge a temporary Repair, which accommodates Foot Passengers, and, to accomplish a thorough Repair of the said Bridge, would require no less than £. 900; and that, in more opulent and populous Parts of the Kingdom, an Exigence of this Kind might be supplied by establishing a Toll by Act of Parliament, but here the Corporation are unable to defray even the Expence of the Act, and the Country being thinly inhabited, the Passengers are mostly Military, who are exempted from Tolls, so that it would be utterly impossible to provide for the Repair in that Way, and that Country in general are so much behind their Neighbours in most of the Arts, and in Improvements of every Kind, that they may be considered yet in a State of Infancy; they require the fostering Hand of Government to rear them to that Maturity, which, it is to be hoped, will in Time greatly strengthen and enrich the United Kingdom, and Government indeed are so sensible thereof, that they have for many Years past liberally granted several Sums for Roads and Communications; and that this Petition was ready to be presented to the House on the last Day limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills, but from not having been properly signed, the same could not be presented that Day: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to present their said Petition, notwithstanding that the Day limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills has elapsed.

Leave given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Freeholders of the County of Nairn, and Magistrates and Town Council of the Borough of Nairn.

Nairn Bridge Then a Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Nairn, in North Britain, and of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Borough of Nairn aforesaid, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of of the unexhausted Balance of the Monies arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain as aforesaid, at the Disposal of Parliament, and directed, by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to be paid into the Exchequer in,

towards building Bridges, &c.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it hall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brodie, Sir Hector Munro, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hatield A Bill for better draining and preserving certain Chare Drain- Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, tmttwL C°m' Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition.

to New Harbour, Mr. Lacam, or the Port of since the 30th of July 1783.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copy of Lord Macartney's Letter to Sir Edward Hughes, dated on or about the 7th of October 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account re-Account of the Number of Seamen who pay to the specting dis-Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, &c. ?k^camen in the Merchants Service, to the Corporation of Mer- service or-chant Venturers at Bristol, and the Guild of Trinity dered. House of Kingston upon Hull, from the 1st Day of January 1780, until the 31st Day of December 1785, both Years inclusive.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to on Ecclesia*. prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courti Courts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Newhaven took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Newhaven reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That. the Report be received upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- insolvent posed, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of In- Debtors Bill solvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in P88*^ certain Cases, be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question, viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Weeks."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

Saw-

61.

56.

But India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, P»pm or- Copies of all Papers from the East India House relative V l. 42.

Mr. Alderman bridge,

Mr. Alderman Newn-

ham:

/Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Rolle:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Sawbridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of James Bromley the Elder, Francis Ly- Petition cett, Thomas Buckstone, Richard Griffith, Charles Lees, a8*[nst Mil-Anthony Thacker, Thomas Thacker, John Nicklin, Cord-wainer, John Rushton, John Nicklin, Farmer, John For, 8in*

Isaac Griffith, John Lowndes, Philip Fcatherstone, William Rawlins, Gabriel Featherstone, George Holland,

Philip Osborne, and Thomas Sims, Cottagers of Afihmch, in the County of Stafford, was presented to, the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grour*d$ - '

the Manor, or reputed Manor, and Parish /

in the County of Stafford;and Setting forthi,^/V

6 48

3° Apri

A. 1787.

»7

the Petitioners conceive that the general Principle of The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Reports fppm the said Bill, so far as it relates to the ascertaining and into further Consideration the Reports which were Committee deciding upon the Rights and Titles of the Petition- . Yesterday made from the Committee of the whole ^tMr. ers to certain Cottages and other Hereditaments, of House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Hastings which they are now possessed, will, as the Petitioners several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mis- considered, apprehend, be very oppressive to them: And there- demeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Go-fore praying, That they may be heard by themselves vernor General of Bengal

or Counsel against the said Bill, and that the same may Ordered, That the Resolutions of the said Committee

be now read a Second Time.

not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then beard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the stud Petition.

Tht Lords have agreed to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Sk mitt's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Annuity Bill. Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity

The said Resolutions were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions, as agreed to by committee the House, together with the several Articles of to prepure Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Articles of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, to which the said |1„*ach* Resolutions relate; and also, the Minutes of the him. aeamS Evidence received by the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Articles were referred; together with the several other Papers and Accounts relating to the Conduct of the said Warren Hastings,

Esquire, whilst Governor General of Bengal, which

are now before the House, be referred to a Committee; and that the said Committee do prepare thereto the Right honourable Sir John Skynuer, Knight, from Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren late Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Ex- Hastings, Esquire.

Nottingham Road Bill.

chequer, in Consideration of His diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

Cogg* Indo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An sure BilL Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of Oxf ord; without any Amendment: And also,

British Fish- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An eries Bill. Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

And Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Sir James Erskine, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Windham, and Mr. St. John, were severally nominated Members of the said Committee.

And it being proposed, That Philip Francis, Esquire, should be one other Member of the said Committee;

And the same being objected to;

The Question was put, That Philip Francis, Esquire, be one other Member of the said Committee.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

The Lord Maitland,

Mr. North:

Tellers for the Yeas

u

) 96.

rr, c u xt fMr. Scott of West Looe, j „„

Tellers for the Noes,|Sir ^m Hmmy } 43-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Adam, Mr. Michael -

ment of the British Fisherieswithout any Amendment: And also,

Spofforth Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Spofforth, in the Parish of

intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encourage- gelo Taylor, Mr. Welbore EUis, Mr. Frederick,

" tv, „ ... 1 Sir Grey Cooper, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Long, the Lord

Maitland, Mr. North, General and Mr. Grey,

were severally nominated to be the other Members of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Spofforth, in the County of York; without any Amend- Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to ment; And also, send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

BUI relating The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to to^ agrants, Act eXp\a-ln an(j amend so much of an Act, made in adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Place, as they shall think fit; and to report their intituled, "An Act for making perpetual so much of Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

" an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to " Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing seve- sit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjourn " ral Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the build- ment, of the House.

" ing and repairing County Gaols; and also, an Act " of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of " King William the Third, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual " the Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of . " King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for " establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating " and better Government of his Majesty’s Ships of " War and Forces by Sea," as gives a discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of r ’tion *, without any Amendment. j then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V

Mercurh,

Pi

0-

a t>e' has in tb

)k

Boro

Baili

Buo

A

Hoi

1

- Art Ti« the Pos Glo Pa,

H

in

test

r

- Ac tht tly B T al:

VJ.

A

A

- (

47 Geo. III.

,r*

: v-,

t5

Tanmmth

Writ

4° Apri.

Mercurii, 4* die;

Anno 27* Georgii III*U Regis, 1787.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his _ Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Edward Morant, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dcsborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

62 9

sary to purchase Lands, and raise a considerable Sum of Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively:

And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edward Littleton, and Mr.

Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Earl Ludlow presented to the House, according Saint fvc* to Order, a Bill for repairing the Bridge over the River Ouse, at the Town of Saint Ives, in the County present of Huntingdon, and for rendering the Passage from the said Bridge, over certain Low Grounds adjoining thereto, safe and commodious for Travellers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Bead a Second Time.

IV Lonb A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ernes and Mr. lave agreed Montagu:

10 Mr. Speaker,

kdsBU The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

1 ’ Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Roads from The Hand and Post, at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

Gtomter The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

toads Bill. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of CrickleyHill; without any Amendment: And also,

Hfitel’s Hat. The Lords have agreed to the Bill,. intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Jacob HerteT, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

| ISM,&C.; loads Bill presented.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stafford Gaol Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to

rt£d°n whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the present Gaol for the County of Stafford is inconvenient and insufficient for the safe Custody of Prisoners confined therein; and that the House of Correction for the said County is also ill-constructed, and not well adapted to the Confinement and Accommodation of Prisoners.

That the Petitioners are desirous to erect a new Gapl, and to make a proper House of Correction for the said County, upon some eligible and more commodious Situation in or near to the Town of Stafford, and to make proper Outlets, and open Avenues thereto; for effectuating which Purposes, it will be neces-

Vox.. 42.

The Lord Newhaven reported from the Committee, Rolt’s Estate. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,'Bilt reported An Act for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tene- and pass ments, and Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward Bayntun Rolt, Baronet, and Andrew Baynlun Rolt,

Esquire, from a certain Limitation contained in an Indenture of Release, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was committed; That the - Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and, that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Newhaven do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill for enabling the Magistrates and Town Cart Naviga-Council of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the tion B'j* . River Cart, and to make a Navigable Cut or Canal comnu te across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Shaw Stewart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing the Parish of James, in Bristol the City and County of Bristol, and County of Glou- Church Bill cester, and for building a Church, and providing a coramitu Cemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage House,

.within the new Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mas-. ter, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account #f Account of the Number of Persons committed to Pri- Person* coin-son, tried, acquitted, condemned, reprieved, par- e!nn1viid. doned, or punished, within the County of Middlesex, dlese’x, or-between the 1st of January 1786 and the 1st of April dered.

1787; specifying the Times of Commitment and Trial, the Crimes, and Punishments.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^,eal‘s to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the tried' Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

7 X Resolved,

4

Supply deferred.

Berwick Road Petition reported.

Sandwich Paving Bill committed.

40 Apfilis. 78 7>

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr! Home reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Heritors, of the County erf Berwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of thp House, of the 25th of April 1774) relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Rime, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in sit the Clerk’6 Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Fordyce, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Great Post Road between London and Edinburgh, leading from the Extremity of the Liberties of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, by Ayion Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, to Dunglas Bridge, on the Coniines of East Lothian, and also the Branches leading from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Post Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, are in many Places so deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pass without great Inconvenience, and are in Danger of becoming altogether impassable; and that the Aids which already have been obtained from public Bounty, and from private Contributions, have been found insufficient for the Purpose of making the said Road, which cannot be effectually amended and kept, in Re-ipair by the Funds arising from the Laws now in Force.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, by Ayton Bridge, and the new Bridgeover the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath in the County of Berwick: And that Mr. Home, Mr. Archibald Doug-<las, and Mr. John Hamilton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes of and in the Town of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the -Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town and County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the Common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven, and to regulate the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brett, Mr. Stephens, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill, now ingrossed, for repealing the several Consolida-Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other t,on Bill Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Du- passe ties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; and for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that distinct Accounts be kept erf the Produce of the Revenues, and be laid Annually before both Houses of Parliament.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part <rf the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that all Sums which shall remain in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of July 1787, <tf the Duties repealed, and the Deficiencies repaid to the Sinking Fund, be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

And the said Clause was Thrice readand, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 105. 1. 5. To leave out from " notwithstanding " to the End of Line 33.

Pr. 125. 1. 29. To leave out " Three Pence," and insert " One Twentieth " Part of a Penny" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller.forte Teller, for the Noes,{J£

}'«9-} 43'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, -into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

v J

27 Geo. III.

j.

631

*4

Bji

Jitwis, 56 die Aprilis;

Anno 27* Georgii III*" Regis, 1787. Prayers.

Royal Assent a M E S S A G E by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentle to Bills. x\. man Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s

in the Parish of iVitkington, in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for enlarging the Term arid Powers of art Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from tins Foot of the said

Hill to the Top of Criddcy Hill.

An Act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of WilUamston, the Lands of Drumdewan, Lednock, Mansion House of Lednock, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in Favour of, Thomas , Esquire, of

Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail,

A — - — Lx. lx /\4>lx ^lxW «»xx a I a w.

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the

and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six; and for vesting in the aforesaid Thomas Graham, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton, of Blair Lands, of Pitmurihly Mazes, and others, lying within the aforesaid County of Perth, and County of Forfar.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Jcener, Esquire, with Georgiana Ann Poynts, his now

House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great _____ _ ___ __________ ________

Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the wife’ and to enable him° tomanyajin;’ and for Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills other purpose8 therein mentioned.

therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and seve-

ral other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent County of Oxford.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the

to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right honourable Sir John

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of in tl»e

Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York.

An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Hertd.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House ad-Annuity to the Right honourable Sir John Skynner, House this Da„ adj0um till Tuesday Sevenniglrt, f®1"

Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s the 17th Dav of this Instant April. vennight

Court of Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a statement Statement of the Reports made by the Commissioners respecting for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the ^^®ncaa American Loyalists to the Lords Commissioners of His or/e"ed Majesty’s Treasury, made up to Lady Day last.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands Martin and and Common Fens within the Hamlet of Martin, in l;Inwood In-

7 I Acii Ar

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the British Fisheries."

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King ..... ....

George the First, intituled, "An Act for making per- the Parish of Tunberland, and within the Parish of

" petual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year ~ ' " ....

" of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and " continuing several Acts therein mentioned, as relates " to the building and repairing County Gaols; and " also an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years " of the Reign of King William the Third, for the " more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Ships of War and Forces by Sea," as

Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining mined, and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Limcood, in the said Parish of Blankney, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Andei'son Pelham, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the steeton, &c. several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within Inclosure Bill gives a discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit the Manor or Manors, and Township or Townships, of commiUed-Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons Steeton and Eastbum, in the Parish of in the

charged with small Offences, either to the Common County of York, was read a Second Time.

Gaol or House of Correction. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Thorold, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet

Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Hotting- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's ham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Not- Chamber. tingham.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Norwich Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, so far as thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Nor- Election — the same relates to the Roads from The Hand and xoich, and County of the same City, on Behalf of Potion Post, at the Top of Burfiord Lane, in the County of themselves, and the rest of the Electors of the same Eleclors-Gloucester, to Slow on the Wold, and from thence to City and County, was delivered in at the Table, and Paddle Brook, and from The Cross Hands on Salford read; Setting forth* That at the Election of a Member Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, to serve in Parliament for the City of Norwich, and Vo l.42. County

63^ 5 Apr ilis1787.

County of the same City, in the room of Sir Harbord Harbord, Baronet, created a Peer of Great Britain (which Election was held on the 15th Day of September 1786) Sir Thomas , Baronet, the Honourable Henry Hobart, and Robert John Buxton, Esquire, were Candidates, and, at the said Election, the said Henry Hobart, having a Majority on the Poll, was returned by the Sheriffs as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City and County; and that certain Persons, being Electors of the said City, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Electors, and also the said Sir Thomas Beevor, on or about the 16th Day of February last, presented their Petitions to the House, complaining of the said Election and Return, on the following, among other Grounds; viz. " That " after the Vacancy happened, and previous to, and " during the Time of the said Election, the said " Henry Hobart, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and " Managers, was guilty of many notorious and fla-t grant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, by giving " divers large Sums of Money to the Electors of the " said City and County, and by corruptly promising " to the said Electors, or some of them, large Presents, Gifts, Advantages, and Rewards, in order " to procure him, the said Henry Hobart, to be elected " to serve in Parliament for the said City and County; " and that the said Henry Hobart, by himself, his " Agents, Friends, and Managers, did, after the " said Vacancy happened as aforesaid, and before and " during the said Election, give, present, and allow " to divers Persons, having Voice or Vote in the said " Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, " and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts, Rewards, " and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or " allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, " Rewards, Advantages, and Entertainments, to and " for several Persons so having or claiming Right to " vote in the said Election, and to and for the Use, " Advantage, Benefit, Profit, and Preferment of such " Persons, so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure him the said " Henry Hobart to be elected to serve in Parliament " for the said City and County; and that the Committee chosen to try the Merits of the said Election and Return, having heard the Evidence on the Part of the Petitioners (which was confined to the Allegations before stated, relative to the bribing and entertaining the Electors as aforesaid) and having also heard the Evidence on the Part of the said Henry Hobart, and having met on the 9th Day of March, to deliberate thereon, came to the following Resolutions; viz. "That the Honourable Henry Hobart is not duly " elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament " for the City of Norwichand also, " That Sir " Thomas Beevor, Baronet, is not duly elected a " Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the " said City of Norwichand also, " That the last " Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Norwich, was a void " Election and that the said Resolutions being reported to the House, a new Writ was ordered to be issued, and was accordingly issued on the said 9th Day of March, directed to the Sheriffs of the said City of Norwich, whereby, after stating that the Election of the said Henry Hobart was adjudged to be void, the said Sheriffs were commanded, that, in the Place of the said Henry Hobart, they should cause to be elected one other fit Person; and that, in pursuance of the said Writ, the said Sheriffs proceeded to a new Election on the 15th Day of March 1787, when the said Sir Thomas Beevor and Henry Hobart were again Candidates, and, upon the final Close of the Poll, taken at the said Election, the Sheriffs declared the Numbers

Jo be as follows — for tire said Henry Hobart 1,393, and or the said Sir Thomas Beevor 1,313; and, the said

Hemy Hobart, having the Majority, has since been returned to serve in Parliament for the said City of Norwich, and County of the same City; and that the Petitioners conceive that the Election of the said Henry Hobart having been declared ‘void on the Ground of his having violated the Acts of Parliament against Bribing and Entertaining the Electors, he was thereby, and by the true Construction of such Acts of Parliament, and according to the Law and Custom of Parliament, rendered incapable to represent the City of Norwich in Parliament at any Election to fill the said Vacancy, and therefore that he was not eligible, and ought not to have been returned at the said late Election, but that the said Sir Thomas Beevor was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, as being the only Person who offered himself in the Place of the said Henry Hobart; and that this appears by the Writ before stated, which expressly commands that some other Person shall be elected in the Place of the said Henry Hobart, and by which the said Henry Hobart himself is therefore excluded: And therefore praying, That the said Henry Hobart may be declared not duly elected, and that the said Sir Thomas Beevor may be declared duly elected to serve in Parliament for the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, or otherwise that the said late Election for the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, may be declared a void Election, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief as the Nature of their Case may require, and the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 1st Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum: '

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Oddy, Secretary to the Merchant Seamen’s Hospital, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Seamen who have paid into the Merchants Seamen’s Hospital in the Port of London, from the 1st of January 1780 to the 31st of December 1785, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 17th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis,

Account of Seamen pay- ' ing into Mer« chants Hospital, presented.

27 Geo. III.

17* Jprilis.

633

Mart is, 17* die

Anno 27® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1787.

West Harp-treelnclosure Bill passed.

Pravebs.

N ingrossed Bill

for dividing and inclosing

the

Saint George,

Hanover

Square,

Workhouse

Bill.

A Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harptree, otherwise I Vest Harptry, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harptree, otherwise West Harptry, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming the Purchase of a House situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of

Lanes of and in the Town of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in

the said Town and County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions; and Annoyances in the said Highways; Streets, and Lanes, and on the Common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven, and to regulate the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge; and Setting forth, That, in order to defray the Expence of repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town, and the several other Purposes of the said Bill, a Duty is proposed to be laid upon all Coals whatsoever brought into the Haven of the said Town; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now stands, it will subject the Petitioners, and a great Number of other Persons, some of whom carry on very considerable Manufactures, and who Annually cons'ime several Thousand Chaldron of Coals, which are not landed within several Miles of, or carried through, the said Town, to a Tax merely for the

the City of I Vest minster, be read a Second Time upon Improvement of the said Town, from which they can-

Monday Morning next.

any

Advantage

whatsoever: And there-

East Stone-lwuse Chapel Bill reported

East India Company’s Warehouses Bill reported.

Mr. Rashleighreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for re-building the Chapel of East Stnnchouse, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they hud directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further and better " Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for " the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, " within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the " Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts,

" and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the " Parishes of Saint Mary-lc-Ron, Paddington, Saint

not receive

fore praying, That they may he heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to them, and that all Coals not -landed, consumed in, or carried through, the said Town of Sands-wh, may be exempt from all Rates, Duties, and: other Charges, to be laid or imposed by virtue of the said Hill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Account* the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- presented, tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of Bounties paid on Bounties the Exportation of Malt from that Part of Great Bri- 011 Malt, tain called Scotland, from Christmas 1776 to Christmas exPorted>

1786; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Annual Amount of the Allowance Portage to Masters of Ships, called Portage, for the Ten last Allowance. Years: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties that have Custom D«-

Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County been secured by Bond, since the 10th Day of October ties bonded.

of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain

Petition against Sandwich Paving Bill.

" Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against the " Penalties to which they are or may be liable for " erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Eastern Part of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Vol 42.

1766, for any Part of the Customs on Goods, on which the whole Duties were not permitted to be so secured.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Account of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at Sope and the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Sope and Candles, from the 5th Day of Juh /

7Y 1782

Candles

presented.

634 Aprilis*A. 1787.

1782 to the 5th Day of 1786; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition A Petition of Henry Petrie, Prases, David Garden,

against A her- Treasurer, and the remanent Members of the Society brothock of Mailmen, all Brewers, Burgesses, and Inhabitants Two Pennies of the Burgh of Aberbro was presented to the cot* 1 ‘ House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill, upon the Petition of tire Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in tire Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, and another Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, and vended within, the said Burgh and Liberties; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners, and, as they apprehend, the whole Community of the said Burgh, will be greatly injured, and they are ready to shew that there is no Necessity for imposing such a Duty, and that it would be pernicious in many Respects: And therefore praying, That the House will allow them to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, or grant

them such other Relief as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until tire Bill tew continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of brvthock, and Liberties thereof, be read a Second lime; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in i’avour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Forster, Se- Statement cretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into respecting the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, A"rie,|lc^n attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the presented’. Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, made up to Lady Day last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Statement was read.

The said Statement is as followeth; vis.

A STATEMENT

Thread Manufacture to be considered.

Bill for regulating Court of Justiciary, &c. in Scotland, ordered.

27 Geo. III. 170 Jprilis.

A STATEMENT of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, made up to the 25th March 1787.

STATE of Claims received.

Claims received, as per Statement presented to the Honourable House of Commons on 6th February »787 ....

Amount of Claims.

Number of Gross Sum claimed for Annual Incomes

Claims. Losses of Property, alledged to be lost.

2,396 £ 7,261,358 £. 90,236 per Ann.

STATE of Claims examined.

Number of Claims. Amount of Claims. Amount of Losses allowed and reported by the Commissioners.

Gros8Sums for Loss of Property. Annual Incomes. Gross Sums for Loss of Property. Annual Incomes.

Claims examined and liquidated' reported fraudulent, and withdrawn, up to the 25th of March 1787 - 1,073 £4,803,564 £.79,689 per Ann. £1,468,983 £-55,434perAnn.

Of the Claimants remaining unheard, above 400 have omitted to appear oh being summoned. It is therefore probable, that many of these, and others, do not mean to prosecute their Claims; but the Commissioners have issued Advertisements for all such Persons to attend, or give Notice of their Intentions to prosecute the same.

It is also to be observed, That above 500 of the Claims presented under the First Act were taken out by, or transmitted to, the Commissioners in Nova Scotia, from whom no further Reports have been received since the Statement presented to the House in February last

Office of American Claims,

Lincoln’s Inn Fields, John Forster,

April the 17th 1787. Secretary to the Commissioners.

Ordered, That the said Statement do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Proceedings of " the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland,’* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Vol. 42.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Act perpetual: And that the Lord Advocate.of Scotland and Sir Adam Fergusson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and against Hat-others, Owners of Estates in the Isle of Axholmc, in the field Chace County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and Drainage read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, within the Level of Hatfield Chace and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham; and Setting forth, That the making of a Cut or Drain over and through

Charge against Mr. Hastings deferred.

Consideration of Complaint against the Sheriff Depute of Renfrew.

Motion for his Attendance, Neg.

Accounts

ordered.

Produce of Taxes.

D*.

170 Aprilis. A. 1787.

through certain Waste Lands within the said Isle, in the Manner mentioned in the said Bill, will, as the Petitioners are informed, be very prejudicial to the said Waste Lands, and also to the inclosed Lands adjoining and nearly adjoining the same, particularly those within the Parishes of Althorpe and Belton: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 9th Day of February last, " That the " Writ for the last Election of a Member to serve in " Parliament for the County of Renfrew was sealed and " tested on the 26th Day of June 1786; that the said " Writ was delivered to Charles ATDawall, of " Esquire, the Sheriff Depute of the said County, on " or before the 20th Day of 178G; that the said " Sheriff, although frequently requested, instead of naniing an early and convenient Day for the Election of " a Member, to be held in pursuance of the said Writ, " unnecessarily, and contrary to the Duty of his Office, " delayed executing the same, by not proceeding to hold " the Election until the 19th of October following," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Charles MlBacall, Esquire, do attend this

House, upon Monday the 7th Day of May next, to answer the Matter of the said Complaint;

The House divided.

The Yeas w ent forth.

rp ,1 r ,1 y fThe Lord JIaitland, j

Tellers for the Yeas, (Sir WdlmmCmy, gim„e: j *°-

(Sir Adam Fergusson, 1

Sir Archibald Edmon- >23. stone. J

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th Day of January 1785 to the 5th Day of January 1786, and from the 5th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th Day of April 1785 to the 5th Day of April 1786, and from the 5th Day of April 1786 to the 5th Day of April 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Land and Account of the Sums paid into the Exchequer, on Malt Tuxes.

Account of the Land and Malt Taxes, between the

5th Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day of January 1787-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an D°.

Account of the Sums paid into the Exchequer, on

Account of the Land and Malt Taxes, between the 5th Day of April 178b and the 5th Day of April 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Surplus of Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on SintingFumL the 5th Day of April 1787, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Annuities and other Charges thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Total Sums arising from the Duties on Houses. Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the 24th Year of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, between the 5th Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day of January 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an d*. Account of the Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the 24th Year of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of llis Majesty’s Customs, between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the jth Day of April 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duty on Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer, Hats> between the 5th Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day &c‘ of January 1787, on Account of the Duty on Hats,

Plate, Additional Duty on Ale Licences, Quack Medicines, Certificates for killing Game, Pawnbrokers Licences, Attornies Licences, Gloves, Post Horses, and Perfumery; distinguishing the Sums paid on Account of each Tax.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an d*. Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer, between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the .5th Day of April 1787, on Account of the Duty on Hals, Plate, additional Duty on Ale Licences, Quack Medicines,

Certificates for killing Game, Pawnbrokers Licences,

Attornies Licences, Gloves, Post Horses, and Perfumery; distinguishing the Sums paid on Account of each Tax.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for regu-further regulating the Election of Members to serve in ,atinS ,:lec* Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Sir James Johnstone, the Lord Advocate ordered. ’ of Scotland, and Sir Adam Fergusson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Accounts the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums paid into the Exchequer, on Land and Account of the Land and Malt Taxes, between the ,5th Malt Taxes. Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day of January 1787;

And also.

An Account of the Sums paid into the Exchequer, on d*. Account of the Land and Malt Taxes, between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the 5th Day of 1787: And

also,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Ex- Surplus of chequer, on the 5th Day of April 17S7, of the Sur- Sinking plusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Re- tund-venues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund,

'A Ki ‘I!,

Geo. III.

170 — i8°

6 37

for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Annuities and other Charges thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Two First of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session, and the last of the said Accounts is as followed!; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1787, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Annuities and other Charges thereupon

The Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1787, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Annuities and odier Charges thereupon, amount to the Sum of One Million Two hundred and Twenty-six thousand and Seventy-two Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence Half-penny.

Exchequer, the 17th Day of April 17S7.

John Hughson.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Rose, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Arroonts of

I)nties on Hats, Plate,

At. pre-fated.

The House being informed that Mr. Thompson, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Sums paid into the Ex<-chequer, between the 5th of 1786 and the 5th of

January 1787, on Account of the Duty on Hats, Plate, additional Duty on Ale Licences, Quack Medicines, Certificates for killing Game, Duty on Pawnbrokers Licences, Attornies Licences, Gloves, Post Horses, and Perfumery; distinguishing the Sums paid on Account of each Tax: And also,

An Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer, between the 5th of April 1786 and the ,5th of April 1787, ou Account of the Duty on Hats, Plate, additional Duty on Ale Licences, Quack Medicines, Certificates for killing Game, Duty on Pawnbrokers Licences, Attornies Licences, Gloves, Post Horses, and Perfumery; distinguishing the Sums paid on Account of each Tax.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire L«s Com- what Law s are expired, or near expiring; and to

Ordered \That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of April 1786, and from the 5th Day of January 1787 to the 3th Day of April 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Imprest Monies, re-paid into the Exchequer since the ,5th Day of April 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies received since the jth Day of April 1786, as a Balance, or Part of a Balance, due from the East India Company, for the Subsistence of 'Troops in the East Indies.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies received since the 5th Day of April 1786, as a Balance, or Part of a Balance, due from the East India Company, for the Victualling the Navy in the East Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Accounts

ordered.

Produce of Taxes.

Imprest

Monies.

East India Company's Subsistence of Troops.

D° for Victualling the Navy.

WiUfe appointed.

- -- — ~- ---- — p ’

report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the Voi. 42.

Mercurii, 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 270 Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

MR. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to Birming-whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed for putting in Execution the Powers of a certain Act t,on reported, of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Ileign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from

7 Z " Birmingham,

k

63 8

18° Apr.

A, 1787,

" Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to " a Place called High Bullcn, and to Great , and " from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of and from Great

" Bridge, through Dudley, to and to

" the further End of Britlel Lane, in the Counties of " Warwick, Stafford, and Woand of a certain other Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the before-mentioned Act of Parliament; and also, of a certain other Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the Two several before-mentioned Acts of Parliament, so far as the same respectively relate to the said Roads leading from a Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingswinford, where the said Road joins the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and to the said End of Brit tel

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunder-written, Manufacturers and Printers of Linens,

Cottons, and Muslins, at Aberdeen;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers,

Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time:

And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. from Accounts of'

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Produce of in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant J "1p"s*IMl to their Orders, Monies pre-

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, seated.

Lane next Stourbridge; and also, of several Persons, from the 5th Day of January 1785 to the 5th Day of who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on January 1786, and from the 5th Day of January 1786 the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, to the 5th Day of January 1787: And also, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the from the 5th Day of April 1785 to the 5th Day of 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had 1786, and from the 5th Day of 1786 to the 5th been complied with; and that the Committee had ex- Day of 1787: And also,

rJfi

:»1

ara

amined the Matter of the Said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Ac,ts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Burne being examined, said, That great Progress has been made ia repairing the Roads, in the Performance of which a considerable Debt has been incurred by the Trustees, and which cannot be paid off, and the Roads sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, and some of the Powers altered and enlarged — That there is no public Road, without going at least Two Miles about, between the Town of Dudley and Tipton Green, both large and populous Places, where great Collieries are worked, and extensive Iron Works and Manufactories carried on; and that the Distance between those Two Places in a strait Line does not exceed a Mile and an Half; and that if a Road was made to extend from the said Road leading from Great Bridge to Dudley, at or near the Sign of . Mawbey, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this

A T\ a m A /y«a A A n a 1 \ a j a-/ / ~ >a A a- M a. aaA A T« aa f 1 av A I t 1

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of April 1786, and from the 5th Day of January 1787 to the 5th Day of April 1787: And also,

An Account of Imprest Monies re-paid into the Exchequer since the 5th Day of April 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient, for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for better lighting and watching the Village Camberwell of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto, was Bill c(>m-read a Second Time. mittfd.

Besolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph

'.TtS

verte

i’ied.

Afternoon,

Chamber.

at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers

Petitions against Calli coe Printer* BUI.

Lord Dudleys Arms, in Dudley aforesaid, in a direct Line over Lands belonging to Ix>rd Dudley and Ward, and others, in the Parishes of Dudley and Dp-ton, to the upper or South East End of Tipton Green aforesaid, it would be of great public Utility, and of Advantage to the Mines, and Iron Works, and Manufactories in the Neighbourhood.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Three Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from a Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, within the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindle aforesaid to Tipton Green, in the said Counties: And that Mr. Jervoise,

Sir Edward Littleton, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Callicoe Manufacturers and Printers in and near the City of Carlisle, in the County of appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General Cumberland: And also, of His Majesty's Customs, between the 5th Day

Z of

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Walker: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Foley’s Di. dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Edward Foley vorCB Bill-with the Right honourable Lady Anne Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Nelson, from Accounts of the Receiver General of the Customs, attended at the 5"^* onre. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented pre* to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over, by the Persons

7 Geo. III.

18° j4prilis.

6l 9

of January 17So and the 5th Day of January 1787: And also.

An Account of the Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over, by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, between the 5th Day of April 178b and the 5th Day of 1787.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committeft Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House 00 Thread to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufacture j0 consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture, be *lemd-' now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1778: And also, Extract of Bengal Secret Consultations, of the loth August 1778, as to the State of the Treasury: And also, Copy of the Letter from the Governor General to Rajah Cheit Sag, dated 17th January 1781: And also, the Resident's Account Payments of the Kists due by llajah Cheit from May 1780 to May 1781, and of the Payment made to the Nabob SaaditAlly, an Account of his Stipend: And

also, Extract of the General Letter to Bengal, dated !2th April 178b, respecting the Bullock Contract:

And also, Copies of Letters from the Resident at Benares to the Governor General an I Council, dated the 7th of December 1780, and the 1 jth Day of January 1781.

Ordered, That Leave be given to 'bring in a Bill to Bill forfai-m-

enuble the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of ing Duties on

- Farm the Po.st "orses>

ordered.

BHteswell A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Composure Bill mon Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of commuted. Bitiesxccll, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

the Treasury for the Time bping, to let to Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be w illing to contract for the same: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

re*

Ecdesiasti- The Lord New haven, according to Order, reported dCoorts from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the M reported, jgjj (0 prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesi-i committed astical Courts, was committed; the Amendments which I the Committee had made to the Bill, and w'hich they

' had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Stafford Gaol Kill predated.

according to

Hastings

ordered.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House,

Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places within the County of ford, and for regulating the same respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Papers re- Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Consisting to Mr. pany do lay before this House, Copy of a Letter to the Vizier, written 3d April 1778, entered in the Persian Correspondence for that Year: And also, Letter from the Widow of Rajah Bulwant Sing, and Arzie from Rajah Mehipnarain Behadre, both received 15th Decem-

ber 1782, and entered in the Persian Correspondence for that Year: And also, Letters from the Governor General to the Vizier, and to Hyder Beg Khan, dated 26th April 1780, relative to the Appointment of Colonel Hannay to the Superintendance of Goruckporc, entered in Bengal Country Correspondence for 1780: And also, the 20th, 21st, and 22d Paragraphs of Major Osborne's Plan for the Defence of the Donah, entered in Bengal Secret Consultations of 12th January Vo l. 42.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Committee House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of SuPPty-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

A Motion was made, That the Account of the Account re-Number of Widows of each Rank of Warrant Officers ^an^Offi'ce'rs' of the Royal Navy, entitled to the Wages and Victuals \vid„ws, of the Widows Men, distinguishing the Classes to ferred. which they belong; together wdth an Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow of each Class from the Year 1780 to the Year 178b, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, with an Account of the respective Sums that have been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the Application thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to their Consideration, to make such Provision for the Relief of the Widows of Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, described in the said Account, as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, and had also directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

640

Account of Disposition of Grants presented.

Joins, 19* die;

Anno 27* Georgii III® Regis, 1787. Pbatess.

THE House being informed that Mr. Sped', from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

190 Aprilis, ' 1787.

House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account^ shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1786, has been disposed of, dis-guished under the several Heads, until the 19th Day of April 1787, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

An

o

to

An Act CO MPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 17S6 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 19th Day of April

1787, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 18,000 Men, including 3,6*0 Marines* from the ist Day of January 1786 ——

% < For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sefrand Marine Officers, for the Year 1786 -

(Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works* over and above \ what are proposed to be doue upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1786 -

d.

889,200-----

692,326 18 8

800,000----

Towards erecting a Building adjoining the Admiralty Office, for the proper Accommodation for transacting the Business of that Office, and Arrangement of the Books, Maps, Charts, and Papers ——

§ f For Ordnance, Sea Service - -- -- -- -- 46,800-

2 < For Ordnance, Land Service - -- -- -- -- 287,096 17 1

(Towards compleating and improving the Old Works at Portsmouth and Plymouth - -- - 59»7®1 — —

00

O

cq’

t-4-

N

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

For defraying the Charge of 17,638 effective Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and.Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and of Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and for Riding Masters, for the Year 1786 - - - - '

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisous in the Plantations and Gibraltar, including the Pay of the Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing the Nou-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year 1786 -

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Six Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar, in North.

America, and the West Indies, including the Charge of Pay of the Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and of Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year 1786-For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1786 ——

For the Charge of Full Pay for 365 Days to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1786 On Account of Pay to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in the East Indies, for the Year 1786 ——

( For Allowance to the Paymaster General of the Forces, the Secretary at War, the Commissary General of Musters, Judge Advo-E I cate General, Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, and for Contingencies of their Offices; for Exchequer Fees; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of the Forces, for the Year 1786 -

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year

1786 - - - - ....

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1786 -

For Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards Reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1786 -

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1786 ——

For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1786

For the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1786 ——

To defray the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of several Battalions of Foot for several Periods, in the Years 1784 and 1785 ——

To defray, the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Four Companies of Foot, from the 25th of March to the 24th of December 1786 ——

£ > 647,005 — 8

234,160 5 11

6.358 3 — 6,409 8 —

24.378 7 81

8,230 8 7{

59,320 13 5

iM°9 7 6 173,666 10 5

333 9 7

175.016 7 9 3,535 — 6 53,502 17 a

2,377 — 81 364 5 11

£ ' d.

2,381,526 18 8

6,000-----

£ ' d.

2,381,526 18 8

a,000-----

Remain* to be paid.

£ * i.

4,000 — —

393i677 17 I 3504>oo — — I 43,677 17 ,

0\

4-

27 Geo. III. ip° Jprilis.

g

CQ

N

CD

Q_

cr

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from the £ s. d.

25th of December 1784 to the 24th of December 1785, and not provided for by Parliament - 638,662 12 4

From which deduct the Amount of the Army Savings and Stoppages in the Year 1785. - $5*575 4 i*

--------------------------------- 573,087 8 2j

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the 1st Day of January 1786 to the 1st Day of January

i?87 - ....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Sl John, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1786 to the 1st Day of January 1787------------.

For defraying the * Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June

1787 - - - " - - -....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of

June 1787....

To discharge a Demand due to the Representatives of John Ellis, Esquire, deceased, late Agent for West Florida, being the Surplussage of his Accompt,

between the 24th of June 1772 and the 24th of June 1776....

To support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund and

other, incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1786 to the 1st of January 1787.

To defray the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somer Islands, from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787 -

Forcom pleating the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands

For purchasing certain Lands in the Island of Saint Vincent ——

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa. ---- - .

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House for the Year 1786 ——

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1786 -To make good the Damages sustained by the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Feversham,. in Kent, by the blowing up the Powder Mills, in the Year 1781 ——

To make Compensation to the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments at and near Feversham, as have been purchased by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more safe and convenient carrying on the Gunpowder Mills and

Works near the Town of Feversham ——

To make Compensation to the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments at and near Portsmouth, as have been purchased or damaged, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, &ca. ——

To make Compensation to the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments at and near Plymouth, as have heen purchased, and for Damages sustained, and Expences incurred, by several Persons, in consequence of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Plymouth, &c\ -

To make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accompts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability, in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament ——

To enable His Majesty to make some Allowance to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists - - .

For present Relief, and upon Account, to such Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties as have given satisfactory Proofs of their Losses to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, to be distributed and paid under the Direction of the said Commissioners ——

For defraying the Expence of Allowances to be made, for One Year, for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government ——

For defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, employing, or transporting Convicts for One Year ——

To make Compensation to Joseph Iodin du Mauvoir, for the Loss of the Ship La Grue, seized by the Governor of Senegambia, in the Year

177$ -....

To Louis Borell and Abraham Henry Borell, upon Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of their Method of dying the Colour called Turkey Red, upon Cotton in Hanks, and in the Piece ——

To pay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the Acts 22d and 23d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List ——

To discharge the Arrears and Debts due and owing upon the Civil List upon the 5th of January 1786 -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government -To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for Fees paid at the Exchequer, on the Receipt of £. 150,000, granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the American Loyalists -

To muke good to His Majesty the like Sun> which has beea issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for the Passage and Expences of Thorny* Jpundy* and

»>978,*54 >5 — i 1 1,594*115 1« 2}

3,851 17 6 3,851 17 6

1,900 1,900

4,3oo 4,300

2,100 — — 2,100 — —

1,816 15 7^ 1,816 15 7J

2,660 — — 580 6,336 6,500 13.000 25.000 5,784 2,660 580 6,356 6,500 13,000 »3,39a 7 6j , 4.500

i,377 6 — 1,377 6 —

3,632 11 5 3,632 11 5

12,869 11 yi j 12,869 11 7i |

17,388. 12, 1. 17,388 12 1

9,000 10,000 — j 9,000 10,000 —

1; 17*750 1 1 ,( 172,000

1 55*oooo; 3h*9 9 10 — 55,000 30,865 14 7\

i 4,106 10 — 4,106 10 —

j 2,500 2,500 j

| 180,000 l 30,000 180,000 30,000 — —

62,059 5 — 62,059 5 —

3*750 14 — J 3,750 14 —

K

384,0381810

11,607 10 si 1,28+----

6,75----

433 >5 4»

if Aprttis. A. 1787.

c

o

to

g

cg‘

— h

rsf

CD

CL

0~

O

o

o§

?T

«a

P

Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners of American Claims, appointed to repair to Nova Scotia, &c\ and also for the Expences of Secretary and Clerks ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parry Esquire, Thomas Carleton, Esquire, and Joseph Frederick Wallet des Barret; and for Expences on Account of Convicts on Board The Firm at Portsmouth, and The Dunkirk at Plymouth, and for other Purposes ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames - -

To make good to llis Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accoinpts ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists ——

To make good to llis Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of Addresses - -

/'To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of January 1785 - -

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1778, on the 5th Day of July 1785 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1779, on D°..... -....

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1780, on D° - -- -- -- -....

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1783, on ....

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1784, on D° ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the Amount of the respective Sums paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, to the 5th Day of July 1785,

of the Duties granted by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties on Tea -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1784, at Lady Day 1786 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1784, at Michaelmas 1786 -

Towards the Expence of His Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3tU ——

»To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1785- - - - - . -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Mint in the Year 1785 ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin -

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £.1,500,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 250 Georgii 3tU, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1786, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -To pay oft* and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 1,000,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 25° Georgii 3th, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1786, together with the Inteiest and Charges attending the same - -

To pay oft* and discharge the Principal Sum of £. i,oco, oooo, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 250 Georgii 3^, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1786, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 2,000,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 210 Georgii 3tU (the Payment whereof was postponed by an Act 250 Georgii 3tU) with the Interest and Charges attending the same To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery, established by an Act 26° Georgii 3lU ——

To the said Governor and Company, in Reward for receiving the Contributions, and for paying the Prizes in the said Lottery, &c*. - - - - .

For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof ----- -- --------- - _ -

For the Salaries of the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the Commissioners, for the Reduction of the National Debt -

500,000

1,000

>750

667

9A*6 9 9,496 9 -

J 6,061 16 3 16,061 16 3

91.560 5 7 91,560 5 7

1,090 — — 1,000 —

3,888 4 — 3,888 4

U,959 9 2 19,959 9 2

16,588 4 6i 16,588 4 n

,80,357 3 180,357 3 n

i5,99i 5 15,99* 5

141,864 11 8 141,864 11 8

361,963 3 4 361,963 3 4

902,581 7 7i 909,581 7 71

365,7*9 169,675 2 >7 4i 4i* 365,719 169,675 2 l7 4i 44

939,73° 8,501 7 4 4 1 939,73o 8,501 7 4 4 1

197,*38 14,939 1,681 3 5 18 4 4 14,939 1,681 5 18 — f 4

J)567,865 13 2 1,567,865 13 2

1,030,091 7 3 1,030,091 7 3

1,090,568 £ 1,090,568 9 6

2 0 f

9,105,000 — — 05,000 ""

6 6

*3,575,742 n

9,3°° —

l*

,492,694 17

127,138 3 28

500,000 — — 1,000-----

2,450 — -

667 6 6

.1,083,04713 5

o\

4*

Geo. III. 190 Jprilis.

WAYS and MEANS for answering the same; vie*.

cq

i — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

2.000,000 -

750,000-----

1,500,000-----

1*000,000 -

3*000,000 — —

688,750-----

82,386-----

i«,49i 5 —

*20,281 15 — i*>735 15 —

4MH 9 5i

200.508 13 ij 290,810 4 6|

51,568 13

582,488 15 9l

628,982 — 1

2,600,000 — —

13>335i417 11 31

240,324 19 101

13.575.742 11 *

Hy 4 per Lib. on Land.

By the Duty on Malt continued Anno 1786.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids to be granted for Service of the Year 1787.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on Ditto.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on Ditto.

By u Lottery.

By the Surplus of the Deductions of 6 d. per Pound out of all Payments from the Crown, on the 5th Day of April 1786.

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th of April 1786, of the Duties on Wines, granted Anno 1745, to pay Annuities on Lives.

By D° remaining in the Exchequer, on D°, of the Duties on Glass, for Annuities on Lives, granted Anno 1746.

By D° remaining in the Exchequer, on D% of the Duties on Vellum, Tarchment, and Paper, for Annuities on Lives, granted Anno 1757.

By I)° remaining in the Exchequer, on D°, of the 2-7ths gd Ex-\ cise, granted for Payment of Annuities, &c*. per Act 50 & 6° of William and Mary.

Remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament. Remaining in the Exchequer of Monies granted for the Land Forces, and other Services, in the Year 1784.

Remaining in the Exchequer the Surplus of the Money voted for in and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1785.

By disposeable Money of the Sinking Fund on the 5th Day of January 17S6.

By D° - - - of the Sinking Fund on the 5th Day of April 1786.

Out of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

J*-

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund *

Remains of Exchequer Bills to be issued on Credit of the Aids, Anno 1787 Of Lottery Contributions ....

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services -

C ' d.

- 39^.043 17 — 4

445,678 16 6$

- 1,000----

842,72* 13 7

240,324 >9 iof

Memdtt*.

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; vis*.

For the late African Company's Creditors

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £.15,496. 19 s. 1 } d.

For Army Services for the Year 1784 - -

For D° - - - for the Year 1785 -To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of £4 and perCent, granted Anno 1785 -

j. «.

230,251 — 6f

2,175 2 6

£ * d.

900 12 10 570 >7 7f 5,286 15 8

232,426 3 — f 239,184 9 2$

Presented this 19th D»y Arpil 1787, b.

W. Spter.

27 Geo. III.

J90 Aprilis.

<H5

Papers relating to

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Mr. Hastings the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented presented. (0 j|ie House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter to the Vizier, written 3d April 1778: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Widow of Rajah BulzrantSing, and Arzie from Rajah Be-

hadre, both received 15th December 1782: And also, .

N° 3. Copies of Letters from the Governor General to the Vizier, and to Beg Khan, dated 26th

April 1780, relative to the Appointment of Colonel llannayto the Superintendance of Goruckpore: And

also,

N*4. Copy of the 20th, 21st, and 22d Paragraphs of Major Osbornes Plan for the Defence of the , as entered in Bengal Secret Consultations of 12th January 1778: And also,

N° 5. Extract of Bengal Secret Consultations of the 10th August 1778, as to the State of the Treasury: And also,

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit. , . ,.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same June, >n favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Alderman Newnham reported from the Com- Bakers Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, pany Petition and Assistants of the Company of Bakers, of the City "ported, of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to tho House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Wood, Clerk to the said Company, being examined, said, That , the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, with their Brethren of the Commonalty, are an ancient Corporation, instituted by Royal Charter

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General for the Purposes of supervising and teaching by Ap

to Rajah Cheyt Sing, dated 17th January 1781: And also,

N° 7. Account of the Payments of the Kists due by tfte Rajah Cheyt Sing, from May 1780 to May 1781; and of the Payments made to the Nabob Saudit Ally on Account of his Stipend: And also, _

N° 8. Extract of the General Letter to Bengal, dated 12th April 1786, respecting the Bullock Contract: And also,

N° 9. Copies of Letters from the Resident at Benares to the Governor General and Council, dated the 7th of December 1780, and the 13th Day of January 1781.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then be withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

prentices!)ips, and according to the Custom of the City of London, the Art and Trade of making and baking Bread for public Sale, and for regulating the Makers and Seller thereof within the City and Liberties of London, and certain adjacent Districts. — That, by the Extension of the Streets of this Metropolis, and by some Alterations in the Trade itself. Doubts have been entertained whether the Powers and Provisions contained in their Charters and in their Bye Laws are adequate to the Occasions of the Trade, or compatible with some certain Regulations contained in an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of King George the Second, for the due making of Bread, and for regulating the Price and Assize thereof, and for punishing Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Powers and Jurisdiction of the

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of

Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

East Stone- An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Chapel of house Chapel East Stonehouse, in the County of was read the

Bill passed. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Chapel of East Stone-house, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Edgecumbe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bakers of the City of London; for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price " and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall " adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," as relates to the Charter and Bye Laws of the said Company: And that Mr. Alderman Nexcnham and Mr. Alderman Watson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Portsea Small Debts Bjll preanted.

Counsel ordered at Second Reading.

Mr. Jercoisc presented to the House, according to Dudley, &c. Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Three Roads BiI1 Mr. Thistlethn aytc presented to the House, according Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, preseute to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the of Small Debts within the Parishes of Portsmouth Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the and Portsea, in the Island of Portsea, and County same relate to the Roads from a Place Called The of Southampton; And the same was received; and read Nether near to Kingsieinford, and to

the First Time. the further End of Brit tel Lane, within die Counties of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Stafford and Worcester, and for making and keeping in

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindle Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of aforesaid to Tipton Green, in the said Counties: And Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in Common the same was received; and read the First Time.

Hall assembled, the 19th Day of February in the Year Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, of our Lord 1787; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Artificers, and Inhabitants of the The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Counsel Island of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, whose Reading of the Bill for better paving, cleansing, light- g^nsea Names are thereunto subscribed, which were presented ing, and watching the several Streets, and other paV^,g gilL to the House upon the 5th and 9th Days of March last, public Passages and Places, within the Borough and might be again read. Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and

And the same being read accordingly; certain Parts near or adjoining thereto, and for

Vol. 42. SB removing

6 4« 19 u4

removing and preventing Nuisances and Anhoyances therein;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whbse Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan', and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, were also read.

And th© Counsel for the Petitioners was heand, arid examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill wa3 also heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for .1* Y«,{j*} €3. Teller.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Sir Watkin Laces, Mr. Greville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, hi the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Hull Docks Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, ac-Bill pre- cording to Order, a Bill for the enlarging and extending seuted. the Rason or Dock at Kingston upon Hull, for the making additional Works there; for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money arising therefrom; for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making' and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, " for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of " Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce, in the " Port of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Bason " or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other " Works for the Accommodation of Vessels using " the said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands " belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain " Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at " the said Port for those Purposes, and for establishing " other necessary Regulations within the Town and " Port of Kingston upon Hull;" and for rendering the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

'iritis. . 1787.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Counsel or-

Hammond, Esquire, Henry Broadley, Esquire, and dared at S«-Philip Green, Esquire, Three of the Members of the condltcadmj. Dock Company of Kingston upon Hull, which w as presented to the House upon the 13th Day of March last, bight be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Codnsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Estimate*, Command, ^c- Present'

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Estab- e ' lishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, Nova Scoll#/ from the 1st of January 1787 to the 1st of January 1788: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Estab- St. John* lishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, bland, from the 1st of January 1787 to the 1st of January 1788: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Bahama Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to bland*, the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the.

Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the istof January 1787 to the 1st of January 1788: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Estab* Cape Breton, lishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1787 to the 24th of June 1788:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Estab- New Bruus-lishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in Arne- Wlck-rica, from the 24th of June 1787 to the 24th of June 1788: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice Bermuda " of The Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of bland*.

" June 1787 to the 24th of June 1788 And also.

Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries East FloriJk. of the Civil Officers of the Province of East Florida, who were detained upon public Service from the Time Possession of the Province was given to the Spanish Government, pursuant to the Treaty of Peace, to the final Evacuation by His Majesty’s Subjects, from thq 24th of June 1785 (being the Period to which they were last paid) to the 24th of June 1786 — they not arriving in Great Britain until the Month of January 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries Newfound-, of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of b"d-Newfoundland, from the istof April 1787 to the 1st of April 1788: And also.

Estimate proposed for defraying the Civil Estab- New South lishment in New South Wales, from the 10th of October'

1786 to the 10th of October 1787, and which the.

peculiar Situation of that Settlement requires to be paid in Advance.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Paper were read.

The said Estimates and Paper are as followeth;

vi.z.

ESTI M ATE

'V

27 Geo. III. 19* Jprilis.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province erf Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1787 to the 1st of January 1788.

The Salary of the Lieut. Governor -Chief Justice -Attorney General *

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer -

Surveyor General of Lands Treasurer -

Agent -

To Allowance to Ministers -

Allowance towards building Churches and Parsonage Houses in the New Township settled by the Loyalists ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England

Mrs. Howe's Annuity ——

Allowance to the Superintendartt of the Fishery -

D° on Account for Fees on the Receipt and Audit of Grants -

D® to the Reverend Mr. Bennet, whose Services, as Missionary to the Indians, have been very meritorious, and who, by a Paralytick Stroke, is rendered incapable of performing his Duty; his Living having been given by the Society to another Missionary, he is now reduced to the utmost Poverty and Distress ——

Allowance to the late Register, whose Office is united to that of Secretary, till otherwise provided for* ——

£ 1,000----

500----

150----

250----

100----

,50 — —

50----

200 -

740----

2,000 -

75----

100----

100----

200 -

100 — 136 17 £5,851 17

6

6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America,

from the xst of January 1787 to the 1st of January 1788.

The Salary of the Lieut. Governor -

Chief Justice - -

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council

Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal -

Minister -

Surveyor General -

Agent -

To an Allowance for Contingencies -

£ 500----

300----

loo-----

150-----

loo-----

100-----

70-----

100 --- T-

100 — —

130-----

D®, on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and auditing

To an Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown, and Coroner, until otherwise provided for ——

100 — 3.

90

To D® to the late Clerk of the Council, until otherwise provided for

60----

£ 1,900----

Vo$.

ESTIMATE

Estimatef of Civil ' Establishments.

Estimate*

of Civil Establishments.

648 19" Aprilis. A. 1787.

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1787 to the 1st of January 1788.

Additional Salary to the Governor - - *....

Chief Justice -

Salary to Two Assistant Judges, £. 200 per Annum each -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council....

Provost Marshal - , *

Attorney General -, Naval Officer ——

Minister ——

Salary to the Minister at Harbour Island and Eleuthera -

Salary to Two Missionaries to the other Islands -

D* to the Surveyor General of Lands -

Allowance for the Purchase and Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government

Agent - - -....

Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies -

& 800 -

500 — — 400-----

150-----

150----

150----

150-----

70-----

70-----

140----

150----

1,000 -

150----

500----

L 4,380 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America,

from the 24th of June 1787 to the 24th of June 1788.

The Salary of the Lieut Governor -

Chief Justice....

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council

Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal -

Minister -

Surveyor General -

Agent -

Allowance upon Account for unforeseen Contingencies

£.500 -

300----

ioo----

150----

100----

100 — —

100----

100 — — 130 — — 500----

L 2,too — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1787 to the 24th of June 1788.

-'The Salary of the Lieut. Governor -Chief Justice -Salary to Three Assistant Judges, £.300 each Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer -

Surveyor General of Lands -

Agent....

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers -

To an Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies

v

- C 1,000

- 500

- 900

- 150

- 2.50 -

- 100

- 150

- 150

- (ioo

- 500

1 f I c 0 CO <2

SALARY

a? Geo. III.

i $ Aprilis.

649

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1787 to the 24th of June 1788 -

fees on Receipt ——

£ 500----

80----

£ 580 _ —

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of East Florida, who were detained upon Public Service, from the Time Possession of the Province was given to the Spanish Government, pursuant to the Treaty of Peace, to the final Evacuation by His Majesty’s Subjects, from the 24th June 1785 (being the Period to which they were last paid) to the 24th June 1786 — they not arriving in Great Britain until the Month of January 1786.

The Governor ——

The Chief Justice ——

The Register and Acting Secretary -.-

The Agent ——

The Clerk of Public Accounts, whose Salary was paid out of the Annual Grant for Contingencies ——

Additional Allowance to the Clerk of the Public Accounts, in Consideration of the great Expence he, with a large Family, was put to in Consequence of his Detention ——

1,200-----

500-----

250----

200 — —

60,----

250----

For Fees upon the Receipt and Audit -

£ 2,600 -

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of

Newfoundland, from 1st April 1787 to 1st April 1788.

Salary of the Governor -

The Governor’s Secretary The Judge of the Admiralty -The Naval Officer The Agent -

On Account of Fees on Receipt and Audit

4k - 500 —

- - - l8*2 10 —

200 —

r - - 100 —

- - 100 —

& 100

£.1,182 10 —

Vox.. 42.

ESTIMATE

Estimates of Civil Establish* meats.

650 t<f ApriltJ. A. *787.

Estimate* of Civil Establishments.

ESTIMATE proposed fot defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1786 to the 10th of October 1787, and which the peculiar Situation of that Settlement requires to be paid in Advance.

*1

tii

in

1

m

dr

*t

at

Allowance to the Governor *

Lieutenant Governor -Deputy Judge Advocate Commissary *

Provost Marshal Chaplain *

Surgeon - -

Three Mates, each £. 91. 5.

Surveyor of Lands

ey<

Agent -

Upon Account for Payment of Fees upon the Receipt and Audit

£. 1,000 —

250 —

182 10

182 to

9* 5

182 10

182 10

73 15

182 10

150 —

2 00 —

& 2,877 —

la*

by

sat

P1

tk

C<

of

£1

V

5

ti

a

1

Ordered, That the stud Estimates and Paper do lie Upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

Cambridge a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small BUI commit- Debts withi*1 the Town of and the Hundreds

ted. Of Chesterton, Fiendish, Staine, Northstow, South or

Longstom, Patnoorth, Triplow,

Whittksford, Chijford, and in

the County of Cambridge, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. York, Mr. Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at-Five of- the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices. Petition The House was moved, That the Petition of the gainst Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Cam-referred, «c. bridge, which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day oT March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the* said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Aetonnts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered. Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Post Post Horse, Horse and StageCoaches, Duties severally, from Ac. Duties, their Commencement, 5th JGly 1779, to the 1st of August 1786; specifying the Amount of each Year respectively.

D*. - Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Post Horse Duty, from the 2d of August 1786 to the 1st of February 1787, inclusive.

(^sterns. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce of the Revenue of Customs in for Two

Years, to the 5th of January 1787, and the Payments into the Exchequer.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State Sinking of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day Fund-of January 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State D*» of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5 th Day of April 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money due Account of the Sums of Money due by the East India by East India Company for Customs, the Payment of which was res- Company, pited by an Act of the 24th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and which have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer between the 5th o 1786

and the 5th of April 1787; specifying the Time when such Payments were made.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sums paid Account of the several Sums paid at the Exchequer, on on Account Account of the National Debt or the General Services National of the Country, or of certain special Purposes not in- u eluded under the foregoing Heads of Charge, between the 5th of January 1786 and the 5th of J 1787, or that

were payable during that Period.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a committea Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the on charge several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misde- *6a'n*t . meanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor Mr'

General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had come o a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when' the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. St. John accordingly reported from the said.

Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read ill his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That this Committee, having considered the Fifteenth Article -of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, and examined Evidence thereupon, is of Opinion, That there is Ground for impeaching the said Warren Hastings, Esquire* of High d Crimes

'ty* tried. |

er Road

.asfd.

fell Jus Ntoi.

Wll

stj Geo. III. 19* — 20® Aprilis^ 65t

Crimes and Misdemeanors, upon the Matter of the said Article.

The said Resolution being read a Second Tim?* was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution, as agreed to by the House, together with the Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the 9aid War-ten Hastings, Esquire, to which the said Resolution relates; and also, the MiButes of the Evidence received by the Committee of the whole House relative to the said Article, be referred to the Committee who are appointed to prepare Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire: And that the said Committee do prepare therefrom an Article, or Articles* t»f Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings) Esquire.

Mr. St. John also acquainted the House, That ho was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennient, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Chaise of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

The other Order of the Day being read;

J'dtfened Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

W *err* the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Shop6: And praying, That the said. Acta may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table;

Ordered, That the Ohler of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Thread to consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture, t(|"DU ac* be now read.

And the said Ordef being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chails.

Sir Adam Fergueson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be no* received.

Sir Adorn Fergusson accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Thread.

And Sir Adam Fergusson moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered, for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Thread: And that Sir Adam Fergusson and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned tin Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, 20® die i

Anno 27* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1787.

Pha VERS.

Leader Road A N ingroesed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Bill passed. Xx.of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to The bum, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to The Marchburn.

Ordered, That Mr. George Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch Josti- The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the ciaiy Rill House, according to Order, a Bill for making perpe-presenud. tual an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

petition A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers in the Town against the of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Shop 'lax. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the

House, and read; Complaining of the Acts of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty on Retail Vot- 42.

A Petition of the several Persons whore Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, House- against St. holders, and Inhabitants, of and within the Parish of George, Ha-Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the workhouw City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and Bill, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for confirming the Purchase of a House and Premises at Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, and for authorizing the Select Vestry to expend unlimited Sums of Money, as they may think proper, in Buildings and Alterations at Little Chelsea, and to charge such Expenditures to the Account of the Poor of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners are advised, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will frustrate an Enquiry, instituted by the Petitioners in an inferior Court, as to the Necessity of the said Purchase, and thereby operate as an ex post facto Law; and that the Petitioners are well assured that the Purchase of an additional Workhouse is quite unnecessary, and that the Appointment of One so remote from the Parish will, unavoidably, prove greatly expensive, burthensome, oppressive, and injurious to the Petitioners, and the Parishioners in general, as a new Household, with additional Masters, Servants, and Agents, of every Denomination, at an immense Expence, must be appointed, which will of course very much increase the Rates assessed on the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that very dangerous Consequences may arise from the unlimited Power given by the said Act to the Select Vestry, for expending any Sums of Money in Buildings, and Alterations of Buildings, at Little Chelsea; and, the Petitioners conceive, there are other substantial Objections to the said Bill being passed into a Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, inasmuch as it tends to stay the Proceedings of an inferior Court, and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for confirming the Purchase of a

House

6

20

Aprilis.

A. 1787.

House situate iii Little Chelsea, to be used as an addi- be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trus-

Day for Heading of Aberbro-thoek Two Pennies Scots Bill.

Committee on Ecclesiastical Courts re-coturoit-ted Bill.

tional Workkouse for the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the liberty of the City of Westminster, be read a Second Time; and that

the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbroihock, and Liberties thereof, be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Newhaven took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Newhaveti reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the

tees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Provision tot That the present Provision for the poor Widows of Boatswains, Gunners, Carpentere, Pursers, Surgeons. '

and Second Masters, in His Majesty’s Navy, is precarious, and inadequate to their confortable Support

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, that he wgs directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to take the Case of the poor Widows of Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, Pursers, Surgeons, and Second Masters, of His Majesty’s Navy, into His Consideration, and to make such farther and certain Provision for their Support, in Addition to the Proportion which they are at present entitled to of the Three Peuce in the Pound on the Pay of Commission and Warrant Officers, and of the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, when such Proportion shall not amount to Twenty Pounds per Annum, as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall think fit, so as that the Said Annuity, including the aforesaid Proportion of the Three Pence in the Pound, and of the' Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, to each Widow, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds per Annum', and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address to

Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the His Majesty, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that He D‘*

The Lords have passed

Hungerford’s Estate Bill.

House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Tythes and Estates at Orton, in the County of Northampton, belonging to Jesus Hospital, in the

will be graciously pleased to take the Case of the poor Widows of Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, Pursers, Surgeons, and Second Masters of His Majesty’s Navy, into His Consideration, and to make such farther and certain Provision for their Support, in Addition to the Proportion which they are at present entitled to of the Three Pence in the Pound on the Pay of Commission and Warrant Officers, and of the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, when such Porportion shall not amount to Twenty Pounds per Annum, as

St. George, Hanover Square, Workhouse

same County, in John Peach Hungerford, Esquire, for His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall think fit, so his Life, with Remainders over, and for settling a as that the said Annuity, including the aforesaid Pro-Rent Charge out of the said Estate, and other Heredi- portion of the Three Pence in the Pound, and of the taments of the said John Peach Hungerford, at Orton Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, to each Wi-aforesaid, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the dow, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds per

and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday Morning next, the Bill for confirming the Purchase Bill deferred, of a House, situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee ’

Saint George, Hanover Sqmre, within the Liberty of the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ",a>'s *u<1 City of Westminster, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the suid Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Keport

Supply,

British

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ____________________

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, had come to a Resolution, which' t

*' him

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the 5 eans' Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remain- Account of ing in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1787, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called 1'he Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Annuities and other Charges thereupon, be referred to the sa id Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they

27 Geo. III.

20° — 23° jpritis.

65 i

him to report, when the House will please to receive Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com*' the same. mittee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear'.

Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill,' if the Parties concerned think tit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

t

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Tythes and Estate at Orton, in the County

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for of Northampton, belonging to Jesus Hospital, in the raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. r 1 - TT r J r —

Ilungerfortl's Estate Dill read.

Hastings,

ordered.

Papers re- Ordered, i That there be laid before this House, a h» "m«1,1 r’ Copy of any Representations that have been made to the Government of Bengal, or to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, by Fysoola Cawn, or Mozuffer Jung, Nabob of relative to the

Conduct of barren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any Representations that have been made to the Government of Bengal, or to the Court of Directors

Supply deferred.

Foley’s Divorce Bill committed.

same County, in John Reach Esquire, for

his Life, with Remainders over, and for settling a Rent Charge out of the said Estate, and other Hereditaments of the said John Peach Hungerford, at Orton aforesaid,' in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tima,

Mr. Jercoise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and' enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year' of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road

flursley and Newbufv Roads Hill presented.

of the East India Company, from the Nabob Vizier of in the Parish of in the County of Southamp'

Oude, or any People in his Dominions, of the Conduct (on, through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of of Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General Newbury, "in the County of Berks, and frond Newbury

of Bengal.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Revenue Letter received from Bengal by The Swallow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Money received by the Government of Bengal from the Nabob Vizier of Oude, and from Benares, from the 1st of September 1773 to the Date of the latest Advices from Bengal, specifying what Sums have been expended for the Pay of Troops, £$c. serving in Oude and Benares, — what Remittances

to Chilton Pond and Newtown; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in tile said Town of Newbury', to the Turnpike Road at Spcenham/and, in the said County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Johnstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, and Common Council of the

have been made, in Cash or Bills, to Troops upon Foreign Borough of for themselves, and as represent-

Service, — what Remittances have been made, in Cash ’ " 1

or Bills, to Calcutta, Bombay, Surat, or any other Place, from Benares, or from the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances that remained due by Cullian Sing and Kelleram, to the Government of Bengal, according to the latest Advices from Calcutta.

Dumfiies Two Pennies Scots Petition reported.

ing the Community of the said Borough, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the Iionse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing " and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the " Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the " Second, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, " passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of " Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny " Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be " vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and " Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said " Town, and for building a Church, and making a " Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage " of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and " exported into and out of the Port of the said Town " for the better repairing of the said Harbour," was read: And,

David Staig, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Amount of the said Duty has considerably diminished for some Years past, and though managed with the Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable greatest Frugality has been found inadequate to pay oft" Edward Foley with the Right honourable Lady Ann the Debts for which it was granted and continued, which

The other Order of the Day befog read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 23‘ die Aprilis;

Anno 27® Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1787.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow

Debts at present amount to 10,373. 13. 4, and have been solely applied for the several Purposes directed by the said Acts.

And he produced to your Committee a Debtor and Creditor Account of the Annual Receipts and Disbursements of the Funds of the said Town, from which it

Sevennight, the 1st Day of May next, resolve itself appeared that the Expenditure exceeds the Income £.54 into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said per Annum.

Bill. And the Witness further said, That the Streets of

Vol. 42. 8 D the

654 *3* AprA. 1787.

the said Tcr^tt are ill-pared, ill-cteaneed, and not sufficiently lighted, nor a proper Watch kept foe preventing Disorders in the Night Time; and that a Power is wanting to widen some of the said Streets, and to remove and prevent Nuisances. — And he added, That the ordinary Revenues of the Town are insufficient for the above Purposes, which cannot be effected unless a reasonable Tax be laid upon the Inhabitants for defraying such Expence.

John Aidken, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending several Acts, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scot*,or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges' thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town, and widening the Streets where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein: And that Sir James Johnstone, Sir Robert Lawrie, and Colonel Stewart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Kirkbymal- Mr. Lawrence presented to the House, according to aeard Inclo- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, *Urte<LII Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkby-w malzeard, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ascertain, by a precise Table, the Fees and other Dues nbw payable, and hereafter to be paid, by Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, Quays, Piers, and Docks, and by Merchants and other Traders using the said Warehouses.

Mr. Ross being again examined, said, That by reason of the great Extent of the City of Edinburgh, and Increase of its Inhabitants, !t is become necessary to enlarge the Number of the City Guard, and to widen and improve some of the Streets, and also the intended Communication between tire Lawn Market and Princes Street, and the Road between Brislo Port and Lothian Road, and Other Roads lying to the Westward of the said City.

And the Witness added, That it -will be necessary for the Petitioners to purchase Grounds, Houses, ana Areas, and to borrow Money for executing all the above Works.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for erecting Docks and other Buildings; for widening and making Roads to the said Harbour; for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same; and for increasing the Number of the City Guard: And that Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Henry Dundas, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Home presented to the House, according to Berwick Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead- Road Bill ing from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayton predated. Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leith Har- Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to Mr. Anderson Pelham presented to the House, ac- Dorrmgtoa hour Petition whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure

reported. and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, ®'11 Pr<s

and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Dorrington, in 86111 '

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter the County of Lincoln: And the same was received;

of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the and read the First Time.

same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to Ba% Ro»d and is as followeth; viz. whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Exe- Petition «-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Wal- cution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present P°rUiL ter Ross, Esquire, being examined, said, That by the Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for ameoding the great Increase of Trade and Navigation in the Port of " Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of Leith, the Harbour is become too small and inconvenient " York, to Worksop, in the County of ,"

for Ships and Vessels, or for the Merchants and other was referred; That the Committee had examined, and Traders resorting thereto. found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th

Robert Whitworth, Esquire, Surveyor and Engineer, of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been confirmed the above Evidence; and further said. That complied with; and that the Committee had examined he had surveyed the said Harbour, and that it will be the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to necessary not only, to deepen, scour, and enlarge the report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; -v

same, and the Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

already constructed, but also to construct new Quays, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same (

Piers, Docks, and Warehouses, for building, repairing, was read; and is as followeth viz.

laying up, lading, and unlading Ships and Vessels, and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, for containing Goods and Merchandize. Then George Broadrick, Esquire, being examined, said, That (

Mr. Ross, being further examined, said, That it will the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the be expedient that the Streets, Lanes, and Passages lead- said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of,

ing to and from the said Harbour, should be widened, Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and new Streets, Lanes, and Passages formed, and to which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and purchase Houses, Grounds, and Areas for the above the said Road compleated and kept in Repair for the Purposes. And feture, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged;

John Grieve, Esquire, the Lord Provost of Edinburgh, and some further Amendments are necessary to be made informed your Committee, That it would be of great thereto.

public Utility to have the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extended over the Grounds so to be purchased, and to enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in

x the

j'j Geo. III.

2 3° Aprilis.

*5$

the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from Accounts of intituled, "An Act for amending the Hoad from the the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Post Horse, " Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, to Work- Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, Duties " top, in the County of Nottingham And that Mr. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their presente Galley Knight and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring Orders,

in, the same. An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the

Post Horse and Stage Coaches, Duties severally, fewrley . Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, from their Commencement, 5th 1779, to the 1st of to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose 1786: And also,

"p#rte<L Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His post Horse Duty, from the 1st of August 1786 to the present Majesty King George^ the Third, intituled, istof February 1787 inclusive, as far as the same can " An Act for repairing and widening the Road from be ascertained from Accounts already come to Hand.

" Beverley, by Molscroft, to Kendell House, and from And then he withdrew.

" Molscroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York," And the Titles of the said Accounts were read, was referred; That the Committee had examined, Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the and fouod that the Standing Orders of the House, of Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

The said Accounts are preserved amongst other Papers of this Session.

the

Earns and The Lords have agreed

to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Consolida-Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and tio» Bill-Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and

Mr. Keld being examined, said, That a con- for applying the said Duties, together with the other

aiderable Progress has been made in amending the said Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting T1" 1 ' ' ‘ '' the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the Euro~ pean Dominions of the French King, into this King-

Roads, in doing which the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended — That the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads completely widened and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Shrewsbury Roads Bill committed.

dom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Debt; without any Amendment: And also, enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, in the morndeley’s* Molscroft to Kendell House, and from Molscroft to County of Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Estate Bill. Bainton Balk, in the County of York: And that Mr. Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value,

Samuel Thornton and Sir James Penny man do prepare, in the same County, in lieu thereof; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

and bring in, the same.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads

from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shaubury,

and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Roads from Preston Brockhurst aforesaid to the Warren House on Prees Heath; from Newport to Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Chester; from Sand fordto Crudington;from High Er- Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate call, and Crudington, to Chetwynd; and from /Voters to the Roads from a Place called The Nether Trindle,

A Bill for continuing and amending Three Acts, of Dudley, the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Roads

— - - o. . © - committed.

Upton to the Pinfold in Child's in the said

County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kyms-ton, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, her.

near Dudley, to Kingminford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, within the Counties of Stafford and Wor; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindle aforesaid at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- to Tqrion Green, in the said Counties, was read a Second

Time.

That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jer-voise, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

States of The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Sinking Fuod the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented. anc|) at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A State of the Sinking Fund for the Quarter ending the ,5th Day of January 1787: And also,

A State of the Sinking Fund for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April 1787.

And then he withdrew.

A Petition of the Dock Company at Kingston upon Petition Hull, under their Common Seal, was presented to the HuR House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, Docks Bl11' passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioners were incorporated for the Purpose of making and establishing public Quays or

And the Titles of the said States were read.

Ordered, That the said States do lie upon the Table, Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the bettor securing to be perused by the Members of the House. the Revenues of Customs, and Benefit of Commerce,

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said and for making a Bason or Dock, and other Works, States he printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of for the Accommodation of Vessels using the Port of the Members of the House. and that the Petitioners, being anxious to ap-

The said States are preserved amongst the other prove themselves worthy of the great Attention which Papers of this Session. had been shewn by the Revenue Boards to the Under-

Vol. 42. taking,

6^6

3* Apr.

17S7.

taking, exerted their utmost Abilities in executing the Trust reposed in them, and not only extended the legal Quay and Dock considerably beyond what the said. Act directed, but completed the Whole of the Works in the Course of Four Years from the Time of passing the Act, instead of Seven Years, which was the Time allowed by the Act, and the public Revenue was thereby greatly and immediately improved, and great Accommodations provided for the Ease and Safety of Ships and Vessels having Occasion to come into the said Port, and many Conveniences derived therefrom to the Trade and Commerce earned on there; and that the Petitioners are advised of a Bill depending in the House for enlarging and extending the Bason or Dock at Kingston upon for the

making additional Works there, for the sell ing or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to

heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. ' *

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the First Day of May next.

the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money arising therefrom, for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at " Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of " Commerce, in the Port of Kingston upon for

" making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, " Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation " of Vessels using the said Port, and for appropriating " certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for " applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those Purposes, " and for establishing other necessary Regulations within " the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull," and for rendering the said Act more effectual; and that as the

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons there- bmall Debu under named. Inhabitants and Persons exercising poued.U’

Trade and Business within the Rapes of Lewes and

Pevensey and the several Parishes of Southwick, Kingston by Sea, New Shoreham, Old Shoreham,

Heeding, Bramber, Steyning, and

Woodmancoate, in the Rape of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-, loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Hickes being examined, said, That within the above-mentioned Districts a great Retail Trade is carried on, in the Course of which several Persons contract Debts which, though small, amount in the Whole to a large Sum of Money in every Year; and some of the Debtors, though well able, refuse to pay,

Haven or old Harbour must and ought to be considered relying on the Delay and Expence of recovering such

as the Port of Hull, the Petitioners apprehend it to be Debts by the present ordinary Course of Law, which

beyond a Doubt, that the said Haven, together with the tends greatly to the Prejudice of useful Credit; all Dock or Bason, in its present State, are fully sufficient which might be remedied, if a speedy, cheap, and for the general Accommodation of the Trade and easy Mode was established for the Recovery of Small Shipping of the Town and Port; and the Petitioners Debts within the above Districts.

are further apprehensive, that, if the old Harbour was Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to be disused, the Mud laying the re undisturbed, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts would in Time occasion a great Difficulty, if not an within the Rapes of Lewes and and the se-

Impossibility, for Vessels to pass into the Dock or veral Parishes of Kingston by Sea, New

Bason, ami the legal Quay, the great Object of Go- Shoreham, Old Shoreham, Lancing, Beeding,;

vemment, thereby in great Measure become useless; Steyning, Ashurst, Henfield, and in the

and that the Petitioners beg Leave to submit to the Rape of in the County of Sussex: And that

Consideration of the House several Clauses and Parts Mr. Thomas Pelham and Lord George Henry Lennox of the Bill depending, which, if passed into a Law, do prepare, and bring in, the same, must deprive the Company of their Property, and of the Powers vested in them by the Law of Incorpora- A Petition of the principal Tradesmen and Retail Petitloa

tion, without any Proof being adduced of their not Dealers in the several Market Towns of Spalding and against

having acted up to the very Spirit of the Act; and the Holbeach, and in the Villages adjacent, in the County said Bill will likewise injure many Individuals, some of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; of whom are Minors, or otherwise incapacitated to act Complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit for themselves, and are now Proprietors of Shares in Copper Coin: And praying, That the House will the Undertaking, which have been purchased by or take the Petitioners Case into Consideration, and give for them, under the Faith of an Act of Parliament, them such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem, which the Petitioners presume ought to be held as meet.

sacred; and the Petitioners also submit to the Consi- Ord That the said Petition do lie upon the deration of the House, whether, if the Works men- Table, tioned in, and hinted at, by the Bill, should be executed, it might not be a Means of injuring His Ma- A Petition of the United Shipwrights of the private Shipwright* jesty’s Revenue; and, they further remark, that, at the Yards in Great Britain, and particularly in and about Time the said Dock Act was depending in Parlia- this Metropolis, was presented to the House, and ment, no Proceedings were had in the House of Com- read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, who, in mons, without the Approbation and Consent of Go- the Course of the late War, were engaged in building vemment being first announced by the Chancellor of the’ major Part of His Majesty’s Navy, unwilling to the Exchequer, after the Commissioners of the Cus- shew any Discontent, have for some Time struggled toms had been fully consulted upon the Subject; and with Difficulties to support themselves and Families, that the Petitioners consider the said Bill as an unjust owing to the Stop of that valuable Branch of Ship* and illiberal Attempt against their Property, and sub- building, and are now reduced to such a low Degree, mit themselves to the Justice and Protection of the that they are under the Necessity of imploring the House: And therefore praying, That they may be House to take into Consideration such Measures as

they

to

of .$ks

.1

27 Geo. III.

n'

657

they shall think meet, many Hundreds of the Pcti- inclusive, to the 23d of April 1787, belonging to the tioners, in and about the Metropolis, being at this Trinity House.

Time out of Employment, and their Families in great

Distress; and that the Petitioners are willing to engage Mr. Brichdak reported from the Committee, to whom Bristol in any honest Employ, to support themselves and the Bill for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the Church Bill Families, which the House shall think convenient, as County and City of and County of Gloucester, rePorted*

there seems at present to be almost a total Stop put to and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery

pr Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within the new Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;

Ship-building; and that the Petitioners have already preferred a Petition to His Majesty, stating their Distress, which the Petitioners presume cannot be complied with, without the Interposition of Parliament; and they hope that their great Distress, together with the Importance of the Service they have been engaged

in, may be considered an Object worthy its Attention: an(j he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards And therefore praying the IJpuse to take the Premises delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once may, upon the fullest Enquiry, be thought tit, reasonable, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by and convenient. _ . One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by Table. the House.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The Ix>rd Nexchaven, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of p^heiue’\ an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inti- 0 e tuled, " An Act for raising a further Sum of Money " by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Indemnity to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify Bill* ordered, themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Ordered, That John Chandler, the Towns Husband, Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and

ingrossed.

Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stam|>ed, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; ana to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Meant, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

do attend this House upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the First Day of May next, upon the Second Reading of the Bill for the enlarging and extending the Bason or Dock at Kingston upon Hull, for the making additional Works there, for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money arising therefrom, for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull,

" for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which " Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

" Port of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Bason or which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered " Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;

" Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using and is as followeth;

" the said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sinking " belonging to IBs Majesty, and for applying certain That, towards making good the Supply granted to Fund.

" Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of " the said Port for those Purposes, and for establish- One Miliion Two hundred Twenty-six thousand and

" ing other necessary Regulations within the Town Seventy-two Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence

" and Port of Kingston upon Hull and for rendering Half-penny, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th the said Act more effectual, with the Minute or Reso- Day of April 1787, of the Surplus of the Sinking lution Books belonging to the Corporation of Hull, Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, from the Year 1764, inclusive, to the present Time, The House was moved, That the Entries in the the 23d Day of April 1787. Journal of the House, of the 4th Day of May, in the

Ordered, That John Levitt, Clerk of the Dock last Session of Parliament, of the several Motions Company at Kingston upon Hull, do attend this House respecting the public Income and Expenditure; toge-at the same Time, with the Public Books, Accounts, and ther with the Proceedings of the House thereupon,

might be read.

Papers, belonging to the said Company.

Ordered, That John Buckland, Clerk to the Trinity House at Kingston upon Hull, do attend this House, at the same Time, with the Minute Book, Vote Book, and Copy of the Letter Book, from the Year 1764, Vot. 42.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Resolution was read a Second Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

8 £ Ordered,

Accounts

ordered.

Regiments serving in India.

Payments for Troops serving in the East Indies.

Ditto.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Sal tash Election Petition considered.

658 230 — 240 Aprilis, . 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Monies issued in England, by the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, to Regiments serving in India, from the 25th of June 1781 to the 24th of December 178b.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Sums payable by the East India Company for Troops serving in the East , from the 25th of June 1781 to the 24th of December 1786, pursuant to the Seventeenth Section of the Act passed in the 21st Year of His present Majesty, Cap. 65, for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies which appear to have been paid by the East India Company, on Account of His Majesty’s Land Forces serving in the East Indies, from the 25th of June 1781 to the 24th of December 1786, as far as they can be ascertained by Accounts received by the Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Forces, pursuant to the Seventeenth Section of the Act passed in the 21st Year of llis present Majesty, Cap. 65, for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Seven Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Viscount Maitland being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set aside.

And the Name of Sir Hugh Williams, Baronet, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Forty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Kate, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; and Four, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member named William Young, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 24 die;

Anno 270 Georgii III'" Regis, 1787. Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Lords Montagu:

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act West Harp-for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harptree, otherwise

West Harpiry, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act EastStone-for re-building the Chapel of East in the County of Devon; without any Amendment. 1 V*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

0 xps.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do make Kipping*

the Petition of John Lemon, Esquire, complaining the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, Bl ssm

Sallash, in the County of Cornwall, being come; of an Act, of the Second Year of His present Ma-The House proceeded to the Appointment of a jesty, for repairing the Roads from Kippings Cross,

Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of in the County to Lamberhurst Pound, and the said Petition. Pullen's in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent,

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound,

the immediate Attendance of the Members on the aforesaid, through East Lane, and by Hope to the

Business of the House. Turnpike Road at in the Parish of Goudhursf,

And he went accordingly. in the County of Kent, was committed. %

And being returned; Mr. Alderman Sawbridge accordingly reported from

Tho House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One the said Committee, That the Committee had hundred and Nineteen Members being found to be mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same present; to be true; and that the Committee had gone through

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, to the Bar. which they had directed to be reported to the House;

And the Door of the House being locked, the and he read the Report in his Placeand afterwards Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Or- delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the der of die Day for taking the said Petition into Con- Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once sideration. read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

And the same being read accordingly; One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, t

The Names of all the Members of the House were, were agreed to by the House. ,";£/

by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be K

before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were ingrossed.

9 Petition 1

1

27 Geo. III.

240 Apr.

659

Petition A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there-against Cal- unto subscribed. Manufacturers of Fustians for printing, koePnntera ^n(j printers of Fustian Goods, in the Town of ' Chester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time: And praying, That the House will prevent the said Bill from passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tire Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Exchequer and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Bllls Pre-Order, sented'

An Account of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum " of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " six."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Eighty-

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six, amount to the Sum of Three Million."

Exchequer, the 24th Day of April 1787.

William Rose Haworth.

a'

Accoonts presented.

East India Company* Subsistence of Troops.

Monies

issued to Regiments serving in India.

Leith Harbour Bill presented.

Bristol Church Bill passed.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Monies received since the 5th Day of April 1786, as a Balance, or Part of a Balance, due from the East India Company for the Subsistence of Troops in the East Indies: And also,

An Account of Monies issued in England, by the Pay- master General.of His Majesty’s Forces, to Regiments ‘ serving in India, from the 25th of June 1781 to the 24th of December 178b.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Adam Fergusson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for erecting Docks and other Buildings; for widening and making Roads to the said Harbour; for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues, leading to the same; and for increasing the Number of the City Guard: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage Vol. 42.

House, within the new Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within the new Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdak do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy and speedy Day appoint-Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Ports- ed for i* mouth and Portsea, in the Island of Portsca, and County Beadin8 of of Southampton, be read a Second Time upon this Day smali^Debu Fortnight, the 8th Day of May next. uiil.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Papers relat-of such Proceedings as were held in Bengal, relative to ing to Mr. the Agency and Contract of Sir Charles Blunt, as are I^stin2s not already before the House. , <vdere *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings held in Bengal, relative to Mr.

George Bright, in the Year 1780, with the Orders of the Court of Directors thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of such Paragraphs in the Letters from the Government of Bengal, or from the Court of Directors to Bengal, as relate to Mr. Larkins, the Accountant General in Bengal.

A Bill for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Promissory Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Pro- commi missory Notes, and Bilb of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. '

Resolved,

€6o

4° Aprilis» A. 17B7.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bridlington Mr. Duneombe presented to the House, according to llurbour Bill Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of presen . several Acts, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Ileigh of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rend a Second Time.

Attornie* of The House was moved, That the Petition of Lord Mayor’s mas Beach, William Nash, George Rhodes, and Court Peti- Windale, the Four Attornies of the Lord Mayor’s

on re erre . £ourt Qj.- City of London, which was presented to the House upon the lGth Day of March last, and

then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill for vary- Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to ing Powers whom the Bill for varying and extending the Powers of cfl diTcom- die Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Na-pany report- vigation, was committed; That the Committee had examined. edtlie Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fore praying. That the Provisions of the said TVd\ may be extended to the Road from Bonny Water to or near to Loanhcad, in the County of Stirling, as above-

mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to foe Consideration of a Committee -. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report foe same, as it shall appear to them, to foe House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Dundas, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, 8cc.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for building a new Gaol, and providing a staSotdGwl proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for Bill com-the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places, within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Gilbert, Mr. Ryder, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented, to the Thread M&-llbuse, according to Order, a Bill for the better Regu- nufactur« Bill lation of the Manufacture of Thread: And the same was Pre*nted* received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Galley Knight presented to the House, according BalbyRwrf to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of preseat-an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending " the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of tingham .*" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Com- Annual Re-pany, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or i„dia Com-Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Re- pany, onlie-venue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Petition for A Petition of Douglas Duke of Hamilton and Bran-additional don, and of John Lord , and the humble

William Hamilton, of Esquire, Road Bill. Archibald Douglas, of Douglas, Esquire, and James Maxwell, of Williamzooood, Esquire, Owners of Land adjoining, or near to, the Road undermentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Pow ers, of several Acts made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Redbum Bridge, and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow to Red-burn Bridge, and for repairing the Road from Redbum Bridge to Bonny JVatcr, in the County of Stirling’, and Setting forth, That it would be beneficial to the Public, if the Provisions of the said Bill were extended to the Road from Bonny IVoter aforesaid, to or near to Loan-head, in the said County of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Falkirk to Kilsyth, which Addition is little more than a Quarter of a Mile, and less than Half a Mile, and without which the Road proposed by the Bill will be incomplete: And there-

Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy fi'om the Nabob of Arcot, and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms or Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars, distinguishing the same

Charge against Mr. Hastings deferred.

Salt&sh Election Committee appointed.

27 Geo. III.

240 — 25" Aprilis.

66i

same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Names of die Lord Viscount Maitland and William Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of col- , Esquire, being added, the same was called

lecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, over; and is as follows:

Francis John Browne, Esquire, Henry James Pye,

Esquire, John Scott, of West Looe, Esquire, Joshua Grigby, Esquire, Charles Alexander Esquire;

Jeremiah Crutchley, Esquire, John Kynaston, Esquire, the Lord Viscount' Duncannon, Edward JRushworth,

according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Esquire, the Honourable Chappie Norton, Sir John Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms, or Licences, Trevelyan. Baronet, Thomas Edwards Esquire,

for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, the Lord Viscount together with the latest Estimate of the same, Maitland, William Young, Esquire.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select

Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the of John Lemon, Esquire, now taken into Considers

tion, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, ap*

Settlements subordinate thereto* distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine,

Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade

and Commerce in Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, so far r The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Motion for as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Bill to repeal other Charges of those Presidencies respectively; and intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Jt'ie

' ' " ' ' " ’ ..... " Duties on Shops within Great might be. Nelcts’

read. 6’

pointed 'tions.

for hearing the Trials of controverted Elec-

also the Expences of the Presidency of Marlborough, and its Dependencies, of the Island of Helena, and of the Factory at Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimates of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Civil Servants of the East India Company at their respective Presidencies and Settlements Abroad, who are out of Employment, with the Pay due to their Rank, and other Allowances, ordinary or extraordinary, according to the latest Advices, together with an Account of the Number of Supernumerary Military Servants of the said Company, and of the Half Pay they will receive whilst out of Employment.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company, at their respective Presidencies and Settlements Abroad, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the first Thirty-nine Paragraphs of a Letter from the Governor General of Bengal to the Secret Committee of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 16th of November 1786, relative to the State of the Finances of the East India Company, together with the Accounts inclosed therein.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to Ills Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great " tain; for repealing several of the Duties granted by

"the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu " thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion wras made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Acts;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Alderman bridge,

Mr. Alderman ham:

Mr. Bough ton Rouse, j Mr. Rose: J

147-

183.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Vor,. 42.

Mercurii, 25° die Aprilis; Anno 27* Georgii 1,11'" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Kipping’s varying the Powers, of, an Act of the Second ^r°ss Koada Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads *'asseiJ‘ from Kipping's Cross, in the County of to Lam-berhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to FlimxveU Vent, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound aforesaid, through Lane, and by Hope Mill, to the Turnpike Road at in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the County of was read the Third Time.

8 F Resolved,

25° Apr \ 1787.

Resolved, That die Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and ^varying the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, f >r repairing the Roads from Kipping s Cross, in the County of Kent, to Lambevhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to Vent, in

the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lambcrhurst Pound aforesaid, through Hast Lane, and by Hope to the Turnpike Road at Clayhill, in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

East India Company* s Warehouses Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the East India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further u and better Regulation of Buildings and Party " Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mis-

chiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and " Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the " Parishes, Precincts, and Places within the Weekly " Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of u boh, Paddington, Saint P and Saint Luke at " Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against the Penalties to which " they are or may be liable, for erecting Buildings within the limits aforesaid, contrary to Law," was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the East India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further and better Regulation " of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more " effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the " Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties " thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places " within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes " of Saint Mary-lt-bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and

‘‘ Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, " and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, " Uuilders, and other Persons, against the Penalties " to which they are or may be liable, for erecting " Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to " Law."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1’ap.rs and The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from htinTt^Mr die Directors of the East India Company, attended at Hastings, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented presented, to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of Representations from Fyzoola Ccewn, Mozuffer Jung, and the Nabob Vizier, relative to the Conduct of Warren Hastings, Esquire, late-Governor General of Bengal: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Revenue Letters from Bengal, received by The Swallow: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council, in the Years 1785 and 1786, relative to Sir Charles Blunt's Bullock Agency and Contract: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the Proceedings held in Bengal, relative to Mr. George Bright, in the Year 1780, witii the Orders of the Court of Directors thereupon; And also,

N° 5. Copy of Paragraphs from the Government- of Bengal, and from the Court of Directors to Bengal, as relate to Mr. Larkins, the Accountant General in Bengal. And also, 4

N° 6. An Account of the Amount of the Money received by the Government of Bengal from the Nabob Vizier of Oude, from the 1st of September 1773 to the Date of the latest Advices from Bengal, specifying what Sums have been expended for the Pay of Troops,

<§r. serving in Oude, — what Remittances have been made, in Cash or Bills, to Troops upon Foreign Service, — and what Remittances to Calcutta, Bombay, or Surat, of any other Place, from the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Amount of Receipts from Benares, from the 1st of September 1773 to the Date of the latest Advices from Bengal-, specifying what Sums have been expended for the Pay of Troops, serving the re, — what Remittances have been made, in Cash or Bills, to Troops upon Foreign Service, — and what Remittances to Calcutta, Bombay, Surat, or any other Place: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Balances that remained due, by Cullian Sing and Kclleram, to the Bengal Government, according to the latest Advices.

Together with a List of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers and Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to Reading whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and varying Road* Bill the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of His pre- r*Porte<)-sent Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham,

and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Rickmans-Icorth, Watford, and Saint Alban's, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford, and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marloto, over Great Marlow Bridge^ through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from M to Reading, was commiited; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, ana made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Friday last (to beseech Hist Majesty, Addres*. that He would be graciously pleased to take the Case of the poor Widows of Boatswains, Gunners, Car-enters, Pursers, Surgeons, and Second Masters, of His Majesty’s Natly, into His Consideration, and to make such farther and certain Provision for their Support as His Majesty shall think fit, and to assure His Majesty, that this Hobse will make gbod such Expence as Shall be incurred on that Account) had been 2 ’ presented

27 Geo. III. 45° Aprilis. 663

pr&e'nted to His Majesty; and tHftt fife Majesty had and co Business, and amenable thereto, upon

commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will summary Application, and, upon die like Applies*

give Directions as desired by the said Address. tiort, their Bills of Pees are 'liable to be taxed by the proper Officers of the respective Courts, which Fees Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Nantes are are regulated by the Rules of sdeh Courts,* and that cwPrinter|1' ^e.reunto. subscribed, Callicoe Manufacturers and the Petitioners, besides the Fees usually paid upon

w« no r* printers in the County of Lancftstet, and Parts adja- their being Articled, are liable to considerable Duties

cent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting upon their Articles and Admissions, and are also, by

forth, That the Petitioners are very much alarmed, at a late Act of Parliament, subjected to an Annual Tax

being informed of a Bill, which is now before the upon Certificates, and a further Tax out of the Profits

House, to stop, for a limited Time, the copying and of each Suit commenced or defended by them, not imitating of Patterns, which, if passed into a Law, chargeable to their Clients, which are together a con-will not only destroy a meat Part of the Cotton Ma- siderable Annual Burthen to the Petitioners; and that nufacture carried on in Great Britain, but will render the aforesaid Acts of Parliament relating only to Per* it very unsafe to print any Goods at a Distance from sons practising as Attornies and Solicitors in the profile Metropolis, as no Countiy Printer can be assured secuting and defending Suits in the Courts of Law that the Patterns sent down from London are Originals, and Equity, great Numbers of Persons have taken and it will be very injurious to have Patterns drawn upon themselves to practise Conveyancing, a Branch by any Person who has not frequent Opportunities of of the Law not subject to such Regulations, but which attending to the prevailing Taste of the Town; and requires an equal, if not a greater, Degree of Pro-that the People concerned in the Callicoe Printing fessional Knowledge, and is of equal Consequence to in the Vicinity of London are chiefly employed in the Community, but, for the Want of a positive Law, printing the Foreign Muslins and Callicoes adapted restrictive of the Practice of Conveyancing, and for for the Consumption of People of Fashion; and that the Regulation of Conveyancers, many illiterate and

file Petitioners are extensively concerned in manufac- unqualified Persons have iritruded themselves into turing and printing Callicoes and Cotton Goods for that Branch of the Profession, who never having been file lower Class of People; hence arises the Necessity bred to the Profession of the Law*, and being ignoraut to copy and imitate the Patterns worn by their Supe- of the Forms and Operations thereof, by their Unskil-riors, and it frequently happens in small Patterns, fulness and Mismanagement occasion great Inconve-where there is little Room for Variety, that the De- nience and Damage, as well to the Parties concerned signs of Two Persons bear so near a Resemblance to as to the Public in general; and that, by the Means jeach other, that the Difference can scarcely be distin- aforesaid, the Petitioners are deprived Of a large Share guished, and no Precaution, under such Circum- of the Profits of the most beneficial Branch of the stances, can protect an innocent Man from Ruin; and Profession of the Law, which is taken from them by that the most ingenious Pattern Drawers reside in' Persons of the above Description, and who are not London, who not only draw the same Designs several liable to contribute to the public Revenue in the same Times, but likewise copy from Cloth, and sell them Manner the Petitioners are; and that, notwithstanding to the Callicoe Printers as Originals, and the People the Laws for the Regulation of Attprnies and Solid-concerned in every other Fancy Trade are at full Li- tors, it is found, by Daily Experience, that many berty, and make it a constant Practice, to copy and improper Persons, who are a Disgrace and Scandal to imitate the Fashions, which, if they were deprived the Profession, and a Nuisance to Society, gain Ad-of, would be attended with the same fatal Conse- mission upon the Roll by undue Means, chiefly by quences that now threaten those People employed in serving a fictitious or pretended Clerkship, by profile Callicoe Manufacture and Printing Business; and curing themselves to be Articled without paying either that the Printing Business raises a considerable Re- Fee or Duty, and afterwards passing their Time till the venue to Government, which would be much lessened Expiration of the limited Term, as they think proper, by such an unprecedented Restraint, and there would without any actual Service to the Person to whom they be no End of Litigations and Embarrassments to the are Articled (although such Service is required to be Trade at large: And therefore praying the House to sworn to) a Practice which, as the Petitioners con-

lake the Petitioners Case into Consideration, and not ceive, can only be prevented by imposing a large

suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law; and that they Duty upon Articles of Clerkship hereafter to be exe-may be heard, by themselves and Counsel. cuted, of such Amount as may be sufficient to pre-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the vent the future Articling of any Clerks hut such who

Table, until the Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts are sufficient, in Point of Property, to qualify them-of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, selves for the Profession in which they are to act, so and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the that it may be confined to Persons of liberal Educa-pesigners, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited tion, neither deficient in Integrity or Professional Know-Time, be read a Second Time. ledge; and that the Petitioners, for the Reasons above

stated, submit to the Consideration of Parliament the Petition from A Petition of the several Persons wlipsc Names are Propriety of putting . Persons, practising as Convey-iIk Attornies thereunto subscribed, being Attornies and Solicitors, ancers, on the same Footing with Attornies and Soh-tfBmtol. ' practising in the Courts of Law and Equity, resident citors, as to the Regulations the Petitioners are subject within the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, to respecting their Admissions, and the Qualifications and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of several for the same, and also with respect to the Taxes pay-Acts of Parliament, the Petitioners are subjected to able by them to Government, or so far as the Dif-divers Regulations, whereby they are required, pre- ference of Circumstances will render expedient; vious to their being permitted to practise in the Pro- and that the Petitioners Bills of Fees and Disburse-fession of Attornies and Solicitors, to quality them- ments are subject to Taxation, without Limitation as selves by the Service of a certain Clerkship, and are to Time, and are frequently taxed many Years after admitted to such Practice by the Judges of the respect they are delivered, and even after having been long five Courts, upon due Examination as to their Fitness paid, which is productive of great Inconvenience to and Capacity, on which Admission they take an Oath Attornies and Solicitors; and, in Consequence of the well and faithfully to demean and behave themselves several Stamp Duties which have been imposed since in their Practice, and are subject to the Controul and the Establishment of their ancient Fees, they ale Government of the Courts in which they are admitted, obliged to make large Disbursements in Advance for Vol. 42. their

250 Aprilis. . 1787.

their Clients, for the Re-payment of which they must wait the Determination of the respective Suits, and the subsequent Taxation of their Bills, whereby they are very much injured: And therefore praying the House to take the Circumstances above-stated, and the Laws now in Force for Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, into Consideration, and that such Regulations may be made for Remedy of the same as the House shall find proper; and that Leave may be

?'ven to bring in One or more Bill, or Bills, for that urpose, or that such other Relief may be given as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Commits Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House wry'bhit» ,to reso've itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill. upon the Bill for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Phclips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the

Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

petitions in A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, favour of Hull Inhabitants of the Town of Halif ax, in the County of Dock* Bill. York: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Leeds, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the enlarging and extending the Bason or Dock at Kingston upon Hull, for the making additional Works there, for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money arising therefrom, for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public " Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon for " the better securing His Majesty's Revenues " of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce, in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, " for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for " the Accommodation of Vessels using the said " Port, and for appropriating certain Lands " belonging to His Majesty, and for applying " certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those " Purposes, and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port " of Kingston upon Hull," and for rendering the said Act more effectual: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorized to be made and maintained by so much of several Acts, made in the Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Canvn, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmidr Bumfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, for deepening the said Cut or Canal, and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for repairing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, in the County of Stirling, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Dundas, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-

neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt

An Act for re-building the Chapel of in the County of Devon.

An Act for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward Bayntun Rolt, Baronet, and Andrew Roll, Esquire, from a certain Limitation contained in an Indenture of Release, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of August, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harp-tree, otherwise West Harptry, in the County of Somerset.

The

Forth and Clyde Navigation Bill presented.

Glasgow Road Bill committed.

Royal Assent to Bills.

27 Geo. III. 25°

Counsel The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

heard on St. Reading of the Bill for confirming the Purchase of a George, Han- House, situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an addi-W Arouse’ t*ona^ Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of Saint M. °USe George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Householders, and Inhabitants of and within the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, and as being a Committee appointed by a General Meeting of the Parishioners of the said Parish, held by Public Advertisement; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Householders, and Inhabitants of and within the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, were also read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Accounts re- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an specting East Account of the Sales of Goods from the East Indies, ^*3, between the 1st Day of March 178b and the 1st Day ordered/ of March 1787, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize to be paid thereout, together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1787 to the 1st Day o {March 1790; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of Goods from China, between the 1st Day of March 1786 and the 1st Day of March 1787, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize to be paid thereout, together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1787 to the 1st Day of March 1790; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same stood upon the 1st Day of March 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the 1st Day of March 1786, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the 1st Day of March 1786 to the 1st Day of March 17 87, together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments, from the 1st Day of March 1787 to the 1st Day of March 1790; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Estimate'of the Charge of de- St. John’s fraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint ls^*Dd-John, in America, from the 1st of January 1787 to the 1 st of January 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary Bahama to support the Civil Establishment of The Bahama Island*. Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1787 to the 1st of January 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- cape Breton, fraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1787 to the 24th of June 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- New Bruns-ing the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nero wick-Brunsu'ick, in America, from the 24th of June 1787 to the 24th of June 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Salary to the Bermuda " Chief Justice of The Bermuda or Somers Islands, from Islands.

" the 24th of June 1787 to the 24th of June 1 788," he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to East Florida, pay the Salaries of the Civil Officers of die Province of East Florida, who were detained upon Public Service from the Time Possession of the Province was given to the Spanish Government, pursuant to the Treaty of Peace, to the final Evacuation by His Majesty's Subjects, from the 24th of June 1785 (being the Period to which they were last paid) to the 24th of June 1786, — they not arriving in Great Britain until the Month of January 178b, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary Newfound-to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers hod. in the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1787 to the 1st of April 17S8, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate proposed for defraying New South the Civil Establishment in New South fTales, from the Wales!

10th of October 1786 to the 10th of October 1787, and which the peculiar Situation of that Settlement requires to be paid in Advance, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money Disposition given for the Service of the Year 178b has been dis- of Grants, posed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 19th Day of April 1787, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Exchequer Bills Exchequer made out by virtue of'an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred " and Eighty-six," be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

O '

Mr. Burke, from the Committee to whom it was Articles of Estimates. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House referred to prepare Articles of Impeachment against Impeach-

&c. referred to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Mr" Hastings

ofSutTpb’"66 to cons, der farther of the Supply granted to His Ma- Bengal, acquainted the House, That the Committee had reported, jesty, be now read. - prepared several Articles of Impeachment accordingly,

And the said Order being read accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House;

Nova Scotia. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

fraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1787 was read; and is as followeth; viz.

to the 1st’of January 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Vo 1.. 42. 8 G Articles

666

Articles of Impeachment against Mr.tlastiogs

25* Aprilis. 1787.

Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Whereas the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies had, for a long Time past, carried on an extensive Trade, obtained great Territorial Possessions and Revenues, entered into various Alliances and Connections, and waged frequent Wars with the native Powers in India: And whereas it became necessary that the said U nited Company, in pursuance of and by the Authority in them vested by Act of Parliament, and Charter under the Great Seal, should create certain great Officers for the Management of these important Affairs, and for the more perfect conducting and directing of the various Concerns from them resulting: And whereas, among others, the Office, created and known by the Name and Designation of President of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, was an Office of high Trust, Power, and Dignity; on -the due and incorrupt Execution of which, the Welfare of the said United Company, the Happiness of the native Inhabitants of India, the Honour of the Crown of these Kingdoms, and the Character of the British Nation, did most materially depend: And whereas Wah'en Hastings, Esquire, was, by legal Authority, constituted and appointed to succeed to the Situation and Office of President of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, by an Appointment bearing Date the Twenty-tilth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one: That the said Warren Hastings did, on or about the Month of April, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, succeed to the said Office; by which said Appointment and Succession, all the Power, Authority, and Dignity, which ever had been, or could by Law be granted, were conveyed to the said Warren Hastings, in the most ample Form and Manner possible: And whereas the great and growing National Importance of the Affairs of the East India Company had made them peculiarly the Object of Public and Parliamentary Consideration: And whereas, in consequence thereof, an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, as well in India as in Europe:" And whereas by the said Act it was, among other Things, enacted, that a Governor General, instead of a President as aforesaid, should be appointed to preside over the Affairs of the said East India Company: And whereas, still greater Power, Authority, Dignity, Trust, and Responsibility, were by the said Act annexed to the Office of Governor General, than had belonged to the Office of President of the Presidency aforesaid; on the due and uncorrupt Execution of which said last mentioned Office, the before-recited important Interests, relative to the native Subjects and protected Princes in as

well as to the said East India Company and the British Nation, did likewise in a most especial Manner depend: And wherea's the said Warren Hastings was

appointed, by the Act of Parliament aforesaid, to the Office of Governor General, by which Act the Power and Authority thereof were conveyed to the said Warren Hastings, in the most full and ample Manner possible: And whereas, by virtue of several subsequent Acts of Parliament, he the said Warren Hastings has been frequently re-appointed to the said Office of Governor General, with all the Power, Authority, Dignity, Trust, *and Responsibility, originally annexed to the same: — That, in fact, the said Warren Hastings did accept of these great Offices of President and Governor General of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, so bestowed on him as aforesaid, and did continue to act therein, without any Suspension or Intermission whatever, from the Period herein first mentioned, until the Month of February, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five: That the said Warren Hastings did solemnly swear faithfully to discharge his Duty therein; by all which he became bound, by the most solemn Obligations, to the Company, the Crown, and the Nation, faithfully to discharge the Duty of the Trust reposed in him, during all the Time aforesaid: Yet the said Warren Hastings, not regarding the sacred Obligation of his Oath, nor the important Duties of the high Offices to which he was appointed, but entertaining base and corrupt Views of procuring for himself and his Dependants exorbitant Wealth, and arbitrary Designs of raising himself, by Means of the undue Influence so acquired, to excessive Power, as well to gratify his inordinate Ambition, as to secure himself from Punishment for the many unjustifiable Acts by him done and committed in the Exercise of his Office, did, whilst he was President and Governor General as aforesaid, by the various unwarrantable and criminal Practices herein after set forth, faithlessly, illegally, and tyrannically violate the Duties of his Station: By each and all of which Practices the Welfare of the East India Company has materially suffered, the Happiness of the native Inhabitants of India been deeply affected, their Confidence in English Faith and Lenity shaken and impaired, and the Honour of the Crown, and Character of this Nation, as far as in him lay, wantonly and wickedly degraded.

ARTICLE FIRST.

That Rajah Bulxcant Sing, Prince or Zemindar of certain Provinces or Districts in India, called Benares, and Gazepoor, dependant upon the Mogul Empire, through Sujah ul Dmvlah, Nabob of Oude, and Vizier of the Empire, did, in the Commencement of the English Power in India, in or about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, attach himself to the British Nation, and was, in the Opinion of the Directors of the East India Company, of signal Service to the Affairs and Interests of this Kingdom.

That, in Consideration of those Services, the said Bulxcant Sing was, by the Treaty of Peace concluded at Allahabad, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, between Siyah ul Dawlah and the British Nation, fully secured in the Possession of his Territories, which Possession he retained till his Death.

That by the Influence of the British Bengal Government, and in Consideration of a large Sum of Money, and a considerable Increase of Tribute paid to the Vizier, his Son Rajah Cheit Sing did, on the Death of his Father, the said Bulxcant Sing, succeed to the said Territories; and on or about the Month of October, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, was fully invested with the Government thereof.

That in the Month of June, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, Warren Hastings, Esquire, (being then President of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal) was empowered by the President and Council (that is by himself and Council) to renew, on Behalf of Rajah Cheit Sing, the Stipulations which had been formerly made with the Vizier in Favour of his Father Rajah Bulxcant Sing, in Consideration of his Services in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

That in consequence of these Powers, the said Wivr-> ren Hastings did, by various Treaties and Agreements, renew and secure to Rajah Cheit Sing and his Posterity the Inheritance of the above-mentioned Tdritories (which said Territories had been already conveyed to him by Acts of the Vizier in his Favour) upon the 4 . same

37 Geo. III. 25° v

same Terms as they had been granted to his Father Buiwant Sing, excepting only the Increase of Tribute heretofore mentioned; and the said Treaties or Agreements did expressly provide, that no Increase of the same should ever be demanded from him; and the same were fully guaranteed by the East India Company, and their Faith pledged that they should remain inviolable, and that there should never be any Deviation from them.

That the said Warren Hastings was bound, as well by the Ties of Justice as by the Obligations of public Faith, to afford the Protection of the East India Company to the said Rajah, more particularly as the Inheritance, and even the Life of the said Rajah, was no longer safe, than whilst he enjoyed such Protection.

That he the said Wart'en Hastings did think himself bound by the said Treaties and Agreements in Favour of Rajah Cheit Sing, to afford him Protection, and to prevent the Vizier from breaking through or deviating from the said Treaties, and did accordingly, some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, interfere and prevent, or did approve of the Interference of the Resident at the Court of Oude for the Purpose of preventing the said Vizier from levying a Sum of Five Lacks of Rupees in Advance from the said Cheit Sing, under Pretence of his the said Vizier’s urgent Necessities, by declaring that his Excellency (viz1 the Vizier) could not on his Part demand either an Increase of Rent or Sums in Advance from the said Rajah; and that the Demand of Five Lacks would, if complied with, establish a Precedent against the said Cheit Sing, contrary to the Letter of the Treaty with him; and that the Honourable Board, viz' the Council of Fort William, of which Warren Hastings, Esquire, was then Governor General, would not see the Rights of their Dependants infringed upon; and that Rajah Cheit Sing was to be considered in that Light; and that the said Vizier must expect to see him protected, for he was not. to be put upon a Footing with his the said Vizier’s other Zemindars.

That the above, and all other Stipulations in Favour of the said Rajah, were fully known to, and approved of, and confirmed and ratified by. the said Warren Hastings.

That the said Warren Hastings did, some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, propose and carry in Council a Resolution, that it should be made a Condition of the Treaty then negociating with the Vizier, that Rajah Cheit Sing should exercise a free and independant Authority tin his Dominions, subject only to the Payment of his Tribute.

That an Assignment was afterwards obtained from the Vizier, by the Company, of the Tribute payable by the said Rajah, whereby the Rights of Superiority which the said Vizier was entitled to hold and to bestow were transferred, yet the Tenure and Condition of the Rajah continued the same as before; the said Assignment being, as the said Warren Hastings has himself declared, without any Encroachment on the just Rights of the Rajah, or the Engagements actually subsisting with him; the Nature and Extent of which had lieen fully known to, and often recognized by, the said Warren Hastings, and which never were, by any subsequent Agreement, Treaty, or otherwise, done away or superseded.

That the said Warren Hastings did, some Time in the Month of June, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, lay before the Council at Fort William, in Bengal, several Propositions, for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the Intentions of the Board to render the said Rajah more independant, to prevent him from being reduced to what he calls the 'Vo 1.. 42.

{prills. 7

mean and depraved State of a mere Zemindar, and to raise him to a Situation of Power and Dignity unknown to any of his Ancestors: That in order to carry the said Intentions into Execution, the said Warren Hastings did inter alia specially propose, and with the Approbation of his Council did actually convey to Cheit Sing the Power of executing criminal Justice and of coining Money within his Dominions, which Powers, in that Country, have always been considered as Marks of Sovereignty: And did further propose, that whilst the Rajah should continue faithful to his Engagements, and punctual in his Payments, and should pay due Obedience to the British Government, no more Demands should be made upon him by the East India Company, of any Kind; or on any Pretence whatsoever should any Pa-son be allowed to interfere with his Authority, or disturb the Peace of his Country: Which Proposition was agreed to by the Council, and was ordered to be communicated to the said Rajah Cheit Sing by Francis Fouice, Esquire, the then Resident at Benares;which voluntary Restraint was proposed by the said Warren Hastings, and laid by the Government upon its own Actions, in order, among other Purposes, to inspire the Rajah with the greatest Confidence, without which he the said Rajah would expect from every Change of Government additional Demands to be made upon him, and would of course descend to all the Arts of Intrigue and Concealment practised by other dependant Rajahs; and because, by proper Encouragement, he would prove a powerful Ally, and a useful Barrier to the East India Company; but that he would be neither the one nor the other, if the Conditions of his Connection with the Company were left open to future Variations.

That the said Warren Hastings, on or about the Month of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, did propose to his Council that Rajah Cheit Sing should engage to maintain in constant Pay a Body of Two thousand Cavalry, for which the Com-

Ewerc to pay after the Rate of Fifteen Rupees per th for each Private Man, and in Proportion for the Officers, so long as they should continue in the Service of the said Company. That the said Warren Hastings then declared it was far from his Intention to propose the above, or any other Article, to be imposed upon the said Rajah by Compulsion; and the Board did finally resolve, on or about the Month of July, in the Year last aforesaid, that it be recommended to the said Cheit Sing to keep up Two thousand Cavalry, to

be disciplined after the European Manner; but that there be no Obligation upon him so to do.

That by tfi esc and various other Acts, Agreements, Treaties, or Stipulations, the said Rajah Sing

was, under the Authority of the East India Company, fully confirmed and secured in the free and uncon-trouled Authority in the Regulation and Government of his Zemindary, subject to no Demand of any Sort or Kind, or upon any Pretence whatsoever, over and above the Payment of the Rent or'Tribute stipulated to be by him paid.

That the said Warren Hastings was bound by the Duties of his Office, and by the Ties of Justice and Public Faith, strictly to adhere to the aforesaid Treaties, Stipulations, and Engagements, and to every other rlreaty, Stipulation, and Engagement which subsisted between the East India Company and the said Rajah, or to which the said Company were or had been Parties or Guarantees, according to the plain Sense and true Understanding of the same.

That the said Warren Hastings, whilst be was Governor General as aforesaid, in direct Breach of his Duty, and of the Trust reposed in him, and in positive Contradiction to the Treaties, Stipulations, and Engagements which existed between the East India Company

Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Haetings,

668 a5° Aprilis. A. 1787.

Articles' of Pany and the said Rajah, and with a View to harrass, Vizier, for a Sum of Money to be paid to the said Impeach* distress, and finally to ruin the said Rajah, in conse- India Company.

meat against quence of preconceived Malice against him, did, on That the said Warren Hastings, in further Prosecu- Mr. Hastings. some j)ay the Month of July, in the Year One tion of the said wicked Design, and in order to draw thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, under the said Rajah to some Act which might afford a Pre-the Pretence of a War in Europe, of which he the said tence for Violence towards him, did, some Time early Warren Hastings had not any authentic Accounts, and in the Month of January, in the Year One thousand at a Time when the Treasury of the East India Com- Seven hundred and Eighty-one, peremptorily and pany was unusually full, and when no general Levy insultingly write, or cause to be written, a Letter to the or Contribution was made upon any other Persons in said Rajah, charging him with Delay in Payment of Situations similar to that of the said Cheit Sing, require his Monthly Kists or Payments, and with being the that the said Cheit Sing should furnish Three Battalions Cause of the Non-payment of the Stipend of of Sepoys, at his own Expence, for the Service of the Sadit Ally, although the said Cheit Sing did pay his said East India Company, and did extort from the Kists with the utmost Regularity, and the Stipend to said Cheit Sing the Sum of Five Lacks of Rupees, the said Mirza Sadit Ally was paid with equal Regu-imder Pretence of providing and paying for the said larity, at the very Time when the said Warren Hastings Battalions. did falsely and unjustly charge him with Delay in paying

That the said Warren Hastings did farther, on or the same, about the Month of July, in the Year One thousand That the said Warren Hastings, in further Prosecu-Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, extort a like Sum tion of the Design aforesaid, did, on or about the of Five Lacks of Rupees from the said Cheit SinMonth of July One thousand Seven hundred and under similar or such like Pretences, and did compel Eighty-one, invest himself with an illegal and dan-the Payment of the same by Means of a Military gcrous Delegation of the Powers of the whole Council, Force; and did also extort the Payment of a farther without any Authority given to him so to do, either Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts, by the East India Company, or by any Act or Acts of under Pretence of paying the Expences of the said Parliament; and, among other Things, did confer Force. upon himself full Power and Authority to form such

That the said Warren Hastings did again, on the Arrangements with the Rajnh of Benares, for the better Twenty-second Day of July, in the Year One thou- Government and Management of his Zemindary, and sand Seven hundred and Eighty, extort from the said to perform such Acts, for the Improvements of the Cheit Sing, by similar and other rigorous Means, and Interests which the Company possessed in it, as he particularly by the Threats of a Fine of Ten thousand should think fit, and consonant to the mutual En-Pounds, the Payment of the like Sum of Five Lacks, gagements subsisting between the Company and the under the aforesaid and other such like Pretences, Rajah.

although he the said Hastings had, on the Twenty-first That the said Warren Hastings, under Colour of the . Day of June, that is to say, the very Day before the said above Authority, and under certain false, wicked, renewed Demand, or thereabout, privately received and malicious Pretences, with a View to harrass, ruin, from a Person named Sadanund, Buxey or Treasurer and oppress the said Sing, and with an Intention to the said Rajah, a Present or Bribe of Two Lacks to extort certain large and enormous Sums of Money of Rupees, or some other Sum, which was given from him, without any just or reasonable Cause under the Plea of atoning for the Opposition alledged (although the said Sing had a short Time before,

by the said B arren Hastings to have been made against knowing the Malice of the said Warren Hastings,

the Payment of the said Subsidy, but really in Hopes offered to pay the Sum of Twenty Lacks of Rupees, for of its inducing him the said Warren Hastings to give the Service of the East India Company) did wickedly up that Claim. and maliciously undertake a Journey to the Upper

That, notwithstanding the Receipt of the above- Provinces, and in particular to the Province of Benares, mentioned Bribe or Present, the said Warren Hastings, and did then and there, in Prosecution of the Wicked-in further Prosecution of a wicked and malicious ness and Malice aforesaid, wantonly, arbitrarily, and Design to harass, oppress, and ruin the said Rajah, did, tyrannically degrade, insult, and falsely accuse him on the Second Day of November One thousand Seven the said Rajah; and although the said Rajah did, by hundred and Eighty, move at the Council Board, and every Means in his Power, endeavour to pay every carry, a Resolution, that the Rajah of Benares should Mark of Respect and Attention to the said Warren be required to furnish such Cavalry as he could spare Hastings, did express the utmost Distress and Concern for the Service of the British Government; and after- at having given any supposed Cause of Offence to wards, under Pretence and Colour of the said Resolu- him; and assured him, that his Zemindary, and all he tion of the Board, did peremptorily and arbitrarily possessed, were at his Devotion, and did accompany demand from the said Rajah Two thousand Cavalry, his Words with Actions strongly expressive of his which Demand was afterwards reduced to some other Sincerity; and although the said Rajah did, in the Number, but without any Offer of paying for the most submissive and humble Manner, either fully deny same, although the said Rajah was not bound to keep or offer a compleat' Justification of himself from the up any Cavalry, and for whatever Number he furnished false, wicked, and malicious Charges brought against for the Service of the East India Company he was to him, and did desire a full Enquiry into the Truth of be paid at the Rate already stated. his Allegations made in his Defence aforesaid, yet the

That the said Warren Hastings, in further Prosecu- said Warren Hastings did arbitrarily and tyrannically tion of the Design aforesaid, did, in direct Defiance of order him the said Rajah to be put under Arrest in his both the Letter and Spirit of the said Treaties and own Palace, and loaded him with unmerited Indig-Agreeuients, wickedly and maliciously enter into a nities, which Measure did cause great Alarm amongst clandestine Negociation with the Vizier, Nabob of his Subjects, by disgracing their Prince in the Eyes of Oude, whom the said Warren Hastings well knew to be all Hindustan, by being a flagrant Instance of Breach the ancient and hereditary Enemy of the Rajah and of Faith, highly unwarrantable and disgraceful, and his Family, and from the Enmity of whose Father the tending materially to weaken the Confidence which said Rajah's Family had been secured and protected by the native Priaces ought to have in the Justice and the British Power, in the Year One thousand Seven Moderation of the British Government. — That he the hundred and Sixty-five, for the express Purpose of said Rajah did, after the said Arrest, write several selling the Territories of the said Rajah to the said Letters, full of Distress and Submission, and apparent

' Despondency,

27 Geo. III.

250 Jprilis.

66$

Despondency, to the said WarrenHastings, who took little Notice of the same; and a sudden Affray having arisen, in Consequence of the March of a Company of Sepoys to reinforce the Guard put over the Rajah, and in Consequence of the Insults and Indignities offered to him, and a Part of the said Guard having been destroyed by the Fury of the Populace, enraged by the Outrages offered to their Prince in their Presence, and the Rajah having fled for Safety, during the Tumult, to a Fort in the Neighbourhood, he the said Rajah did immediately, and at divers and sundry Times afterwards, sent other Letters of Submission to the said

Warren Hastings, requesting Permission to justify himself from the Charges brought against him, and offering to submit in all Things to the Pleasure of the said Warren Hastings, who nevertheless constantly and peremptorily refused to answer or to listen to the same; and at last, upon the Pretence that the said Insurrection or Affray (really raised by his own Violence, Breach of Faith, and Oppression) was the Effect of a premeditated Design to overturn the British Empire in India, and to exterminate therefrom the British Nation;-and that the said Rajah aimed at the total Subversion of the Authority of the Company, and the Erection of his own Independency upon its Ruins; and upon other Allegations equally extravagant, untrue,' and incredible; he the said Warren Hastings did hazard the Safety of the said Empire in the East, upon the Event of a Civil War, at a Time when it was attacked by Enemies upon every Side, rather than listen to any Terms of Accommodation, or Offers of Jusdflcation from the said Rajah; and, collecting around him the Troops of the Company, did wickedly, arbitrarily, and tyrannically expel the said Rajah from those Territories which he held by virtue of repeated Agreements with the Company, and to which he had not forfeited his Right by any Acts by him the said Rajah done or omitted, previous to the violent and unjust Imprisonment aforesaid; in consequence of which Arrest and Expulsion an unjust War arose, much Blood was shed, the Collection of the Revenues impeded, and the whole Country thrown into Confusion; which said War did extend itself into the neighbouring Provinces, and which Bloodshed, War, and Confusion, are solely imputable to the Misconduct, Violence, Tyranny, and culpable Improvidence of the said Warren Hastings. In all which unjust and illegal Acts, repeated Demands, extorsive Exactions, arbitrary Arrest, and final Expulsion of the said Cheit Sing from his Dominions, upon Pretences, many of which were never suggested or alledged by the said Warren Hastings till after the said Expulsion, and in various other Acts by him the said Wart'en Hastings done and omitted towards the said

Rajah, he the said Warren Hastings has, in many and various Instances, acted contrary to the Trust reposed in him, to the Faith of solemn Treaties, to his own declared Sense of his Duty, and to the great Disgrace and Discredit of the Character of the British Nation in India; and by all and every one of the aforesaid Acts, done, perpetrated, authorized, or permitted by him the said Warren Hastings, he the said Warren Hastings was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

That the said Warren Hastings did farther, after the

Flight of the said Cheit Sing, direct an Attack to be made upon a Castle called the Residence of

Patina, the Mother of the said Rajah, and of the surviving Women of the Family of Rajah Bulwant and, for the Purpose of the directed Attack, did order a Body of Troops to march and dispossess them of their Residence, and to seize upon their Money and Effects, without even pretending that they had committed any Offence whatsoever, and without even enquiring whether the Treasure contained in the Fortress of Bidjegur was the Property of the said Women, or of Cheit Sing. That the said Warren Hastings did, V01.. 42,

neither then nor since, alledge, or attempt to prove, Articles of that the said Ladies ever were concerned, in the re- Imj each-motest Degree, in any of the Designs falsely by the said Warren Hastings imputed to the said Cheit Sing; r' 881°®S‘ yet nevertheless he did not only besiege, or cause to be besieged, the Fortress aforesaid, but did stimulate the Army to Rapine and Outrage, by the wicked Orders which he issued, by directing that the Fort, and all the Property it contained, should be secured for the Benefit of the Detachment employed in reducing it, and by abandoning to the Soldiery all the Property of the said Women of every Sort, contrary to the Practice of civilized Nations, and particularly offensive to the Manners of the East, and the Respect there paid to the Female Sex: And did farther prohibit Major Popham, or the Commanding, Officer of the Army employed in the above Service, from entering into any Conditions with the said Mother of the said Rajah, even for a Provision; and did declare, that if she disappointed certain Expectations, or did not instantly comply with certain Terms which he the said Warren Hastings proposed to her, in Consequence of some Overtures from her, he would consider it as a wanton Affront, and never would forgive the same. That the said Mother of the said Rajah, having evacuated the Fortress aforesaid, and surrendered the same upon certain Terms, rather than incur the Dangers with which she was threatened by the said Warrren Hastings, the Terms of the said Capitulation were violated, and the said Lady, her Relations, and Dependants, plundered, in Consequence of that Spirit of Rapacity excited by the Acts of the said Warren Hastings, and his abandoning the Plunder of the said Fort, and every Thing it contained, to the Soldiery.

Which said Acts, Orders, Directions, or Licence of him the said Warren Hastings, giving up the Plunder aforesaid, in the Manner aforesaid, were issued, directed, or given by him the said Warren without any competent Authority being vested in him for that Purpose; in direct Contradiction to the Orders of his Masters, and to his own Sense of his public Duty; and did, in the Opinion of him the said Warren Hastings himself, necessarily tend to bring Corruption and Ruin on the Army. And the said Warren Hastings, after such Licence given to the Soldiery to plunder for their own Benefit, and after the Spoil made in Consequence of that Licence, amounting in Value to a very large Sum, was actually divided amongst and shared by the Soldiery, did retract his Declaration of Right, and his Permission to the Soldiers to appropriate the Plunder to themselves, and did endeavour, by various Artifices and Devices, to explain away such his Declaration and Permission, and to recover from the Soldiery the Spoil so before by himself granted to them; but having failed in this Act tempt to resume, by a Breach of Faith with the Soldiers, what he had unlawfully granted by a Breach of Duty to his Constituents, he then attempted to obtain the same from the Soldiers and Officers as a Loan; and failing in this attempt also, and this Spoil being the only Part of the Treasures belonging to the Rajah, or any Part of his Family, the said Warren Hastings was altogether frustrated in the Acquisition of every Part of that dishonourable Object which alone he had pre-teuded to, and pursued through a long Series of Acts of Injustice, Inhumanity, Oppression, Violence, and Bloodshed, to the great Risk, even in his own Opinion, of the total Subversion of the British Empire in India.

That the said Warren Hastings having, as aforesaid, expelled the said Cheit Sing from his Dominions, did of his own usurped Authority, and without any Communication with, or any Approbation given by, the other Members of the Council, nominate and appoint Rajah Mehipnarain to the Government of the Provinces

of Benares, and did appoint his Father, Sing,

8 H as

670 2$° Aprilis A. 1787.

Articles of as Administrator of his Authority; and did give to the ment^cainst British Resident, IV" M, a controuling Authority

Mr.Hastings. over both; and did farther abrogate and set aside all Treaties and Agreements which subsisted between the State of Benares and the British Nation; and did arbitrarily and tyrannically, of his mere Authority, raise the Tribute to the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts; did further wantonly and illegally impose certain oppressive Duties upon Goods and Merchandize, to the great Injury to Trade, and Ruin to the Provinces; and did farther dispose of as his own, the Property within the said Provinces, by granting the same, or Parts thereof, in Pensions, to such Persons as he thought fit.

That the said JVarren Hastings did, some Time in the

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, enter into a clandestine Correspondence with Markham, Esquire, the then Resident at;

which said Markham had been by him the said Hastings obtruded into the said Office contrary to the positive Orders of the Court of Directors: And in consequence of the Representations of the said Markham did, under Pretence that the new excessive Rent or Tribute was in Arrear, and that the Affairs of the Provinces were likely to fall into Confusion, authorize and empower him, by his own private Authority, to remove the said Durbedgy Sing from his Office, and deprive him of his Estate.

That the said Durbedgy Sing was, by the private Orders and Authorities given by the said JVarren Hastings, and in Consequence of the Representations aforesaid, violently throw n into Prison, and cruelly confined therein, under Pretence of the Non-payment of the Arrears of the Tribute aforesaid.

That the Widow of Bulwant Sing, and the Rajah Mehipnarain, did pointedly accuse the said Markham of . being the sole Cause of any Delay in the Payment of the Tribute aforesaid, and did offer to prove the Innocence of the said Durbedgy Sing, and also to prove that the Faults ascribed to him were solely the Faults of the said Markham; yet the said JVarren Hastings did pay no Regard whatever to the said Representations, nor make any Enquiry into the Truth of the same, but did accuse the said Widow of Bulwant Sing, and the Rajah aforesaid, of gross Presumption for the same; and, listening to the Representations of the Person accused (viz. the Resident Markham) did continue to confine the said Durbedgy Sing in Prison, and did invest the Resident Markham with Authority to bestow his Office upon whomsoever he pleased.

That the said Markham did bestow the said Office of Administrator of the Provinces of Benares upon a certain Person named Jagge Deo Seo, who, in order to gratify the arbitrary Demands of the said JVarren Hastings, was obliged greatly to distress and harrass the unfortunate Inhabitants of the said Provinces.

That the said JVarren Hastings did, some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, remove the said Jagger Deo Seo from the said Office, under Pretence of certain Irregularities and Oppressions, which Irregularities and Oppressions are solely imputable to him the said JVarren Hastings.

That the Consequence of all these violent Changes and arbitrary Acts were, the total Ruin and Desolation of the Country, and the Flight of the Inhabitants; the said JVarren Hastings having found every Place abandoned at his Approach, even by the Officers of the very Government which he established, and seeing nothing but Traces of Devastation in every Village; the Provinces, in Effect, without a Government; the Administration misconducted; the People oppressed; Trade discouraged; and the Revenue in Danger of a rapid Decline.

All which Destruction, Devastation, Oppression, and Ruin, are solely imputable to the above-mentioned and *ther arbitrary, illegal, unjust, and tyrannical Acts of

him the said JVarren Hastings; who, l»v all and every one of the same, was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

ARTICLE SECOND.

That the Mother and Grandmother of the present Vizier Asoph ul Dowla, Nabob of are amongst

the Women of the highest Rank, Family, and Distine* tion in Asia, the former being the Wife of the late Sujah ul Dowlah, and the latter W idow of Sufder Jung and Daughter of Sadit, the Predecessor of the said Sufder Jung in the Government of Oude, which said Suf der Jung, Father of Sujah ul Dowlah, and Grandfather

of the present Nabob of Oude, first obtained his Rank among the Princes of India through the Means of the said Alliance.

That the said Mother and Gr&ndmothef of the said Asoph ul Dowla were in Possession of certain Landed Estates, called Jaghires, and certain valuable Move* ables, for the Purpose as well of maintaining their own Rank and Dignity, as for the Maintenance of their numerous Family and Dependants.

That on or about the Months of September or October One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, John Bristoru>, Esquire, the then Resident at the Court of Oude, was requested by Asoph ul Dowla, Nabob of Oude and Vizier of the Empire, to use his Endeavours to persuade his said Mother, commonly called the Bow Begum, to assist him with a Sum of Money, under a Pretence of his great Distress and urgent Necessities, which were principally occasioned by the heavy Debt which he had incurred to the Hast India Company.

That the said Bow Begum did positively refuse to ad* vance or pay to the Nabob any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, unless for the Sake, and under the Guarantee of the English.

That in consequence thereof a solemn Treaty was finally concluded between the said Vizier and the said Begums, by which she the said Begum consented to pay to the Vizier the Sum of Thirty Lacks of Rupees in Money and Goods, and granted to him a Release for a Sum of Twenty-six Lacks, which she had formerly advanced to him the said Vizier; which said Sum of Money was paid and released under the express Condition that no farther Sum of Money should ever be demanded from her by the said Vizier, upon any Occasion, or upon any Pretence whatsoever, and under the farther express Condition, that the Jaghires, Lands, Money, Goods, and Property of every Kind, then in her Possession, should be firmly secured and guaranteed to her, under the Protection and Guarantee of the English Nation; and that no further Loan, Claim, or Demand of any Sort should ever be required from her.

That the said Agreement or Treaty was confirmed by the most sacred Forms of the Mahomedan Religion by the said Vizier, and was fully guaranteed by the said Bristow upon the Part of the East India Company-

That the said Guarantee was afterwards, vizi, in or about the Month of November of the Year last aforesaid, fully approved of, and so securely confirmed by the Governor General and Council, JVarren Hastings being then Governor General as aforesaid.

That th'esaid Warren Hastings, being Governor General as aforesaid, was (as it was his Duty to be) fully apprized both of the Nature and Extent of the said Guarantee, and has frequently declared his own Sense of the binding Force and Operation of the same, and of the Disgrace and Discredit which would fall upon the English Name, if ever the Appearance of Oppression existed towards a Person of the Begum’s Sex and Character, after the Honour and Faith of the East India Company was pledged for the Observance of the said Treaty.

That the said JVarren Hastings, in Conformity to 2 the

7 Geo. III. 25* Aprilis.671

the above just Sense of the Nature and Extent of the Court of Oude, specially nominated and appointed Articles of said Treaty and Guarantee, has repeatedly interfered thereto by the Court of Directors, without any Fault Impeach-with his Authority to support and defend the same; being to be found, as he himself has since declared, ^ern^®|j^nst

and in particular, some Time in the Year One thou- with the Conduct of the said Resident; and did arro- r‘ aS lD®*‘

sand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, upon certain gate to himself the Nomination of the Resident at the

Complaints being made to the Governor General and Court of as his particular Agent and Represen-

Council by the said Begum, of certain Infractions of tative, and did invest Nathaniel Middleton with the said the said Treaty, he the suid Warren Hastings did, in Office.

Concurrence with the rest of the Council, write or That the said Nabob of Oude was in Substance and order to be written to Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, Effect, as well as in general Repute and Estimation,

then Resident at Oude, a Letter or Order to the dependnnt upon, and under the controul of, the Go-

Effect following: — That She, the said Begum, was vernor General of Bengal.

entitled to the Protection of the British Govern- That he the said Warren Hastings did in Substance ment by an Act not sought by the said Govern* and effect invest the said Middleton with great Civil ment, but solicited by the Nabob himself, and granted and Military Authority in the Dominions of the said in Compliance with his and her Request; and there- Nabob.

fore the said Resident was empowered to afford his That the said Warren , by the above illegal

Support and Protection to her in due Maintenance Delegation of Authority, by the improper Nomina-

of all the Rights she possessed by virtue of the Treaty tion of the Resident, by being in Possession of the between her and her Son, under the Guarantee of the real, though not of the ostensible Power in the Domi-Company, and against every Attempt that might be nions of the said Nabob Vizier, and by many other made, directly or indirectly, to infringe them. In Acts by him the said Warren Hastings himself, or by his consequence of which Letter or Order, she was pro- Authority, Approbation, and Concurrence, done and tected by- the said Resident in the Enjoyment of her committed, he the said Warren Hastings did render Rights, under the Authority of the Guarantee atore- himself peculiarly responsible for the good Govern-said. ment of the said Provinces.

That the said elder Begum, Wife of Sufder Jung, That the said Warren Hastings was bound by the and Grandmother of Asoph ul Dowla, was also in Pos- Ties of Justice and good Faith, and by the Duties of session of certain Jaghires and Effects, in the quiet his Office, and the Trust reposed in him, strictly to Possession of which she was molested by the said Asoph adhere to Treaties entered into or guaranteed by the ul Dowla, and in Consequence thereof she, the said East India Company or the British Nation, and attend

elder Begum, applied for Relief and Protection to the to the Happiness and Security of the Properties, Pos-Governor General and Council of Fort William, he sessions, Liberties, and Lives of those who either were the said Warren Hastings being Governor General as subject to, or dependant upon, the British Power in aforesaid; who did accordingly interfere in her Behalf, India.

by directing the Resident Ahddkton, some Time in That he the said Warren Hastings, under Colour and the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- Pretence of the above-mentioned illegal Delegation of eight, to represent to the Nabob the Consequences of Authority, and, as he pretended, in Prosecution of such arbitrary Proceedings, the Reproach to which his certain Objects mentioned by him in a Minute dated Honour and Reputation, as well as that of the British the Twenty-tirst of in the Year One thousand

Government from being connected with him, would Seven hundred and Eighty-one, did undertake a Jour-be exposed by such Acts of Cruelty and Injustice, and ney to the Upper Provinces, and having met the the Right which the said Government derived, from aforesaid Nabob of Oude at a certain Place called the Nature of its Alliance with him, to expect that he Chunar, did, in gross Violation of his Duty, of the would pay a Deference to its Remonstrances. — ’That Faith of Treaties, of the Sanction of the Company’s in consequence of the above and other Interferences, Guarantee, and without any Regard to Justice or good Powers, and Authorities, made, given, granted, or Faith, wickedly, corruptly, and maliciously enter into confirmed by the Governor General and Council a certain Treaty and Agreement with the said Nabob, aforesaid, the said elder Begum was finally and fully since known by the Appellation of the Treaty of secured in the Possession of the Jaghires and Effects, Chunar: Whereby, among other Things, Power was and in the Government of the Family of Sufder Jung, given to the said Nabob to resume such Jaghires as who was then stated by her, and acknowledged by the he should find necessary, with a Reservation that the said Middleton and Warren Hastings, to be dependent Amount of such as were guaranteed by the Company upon her the said Begum; and the positive Guarantee should be paid through the Resident in Money; and of the British Nation was by the said Resident, under although, at the Time of the said Treaty, no Charge the Authority of the said Warren Hastings, solemnly of any Sort was made, as alledged by the said Warren pledged to her for her Protection. Hastings, against the Mother and Grandmother of the

That the said Warixn Hastings did, some Time in said Nabob, and although nothing more is purported the Months of Map, June, or Julp, in the Year One by the said Treaty than a simple Permission to the said thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, illegally and Nabob, and although no particular Jaghires and unwarrantably censer upon himself complete and full Estates are pointed out, and although the said Treaty Military Authority and Command over all the Troops purports to be at the Desire of the said Nabob, and of the East India Company stationed beyond the Pro- the Execution or Non-execution of the samfe to vinces of the said Company, and particularly of the depend entirely upon his Discretion,. he the said War*

Troops stationed in the Dominions of the said reti Hastings, having invested his Creature Middleton Vizier. with almost an absolute Authority over the Dominions

That the said Warren Hastings did about the same of the said Nabob, did compel the said Nabob to be-Time, contrary to Law, to his Duty, and to the very come the unnatural Instrument of Outrage and Ex-Nature of the Powers vested in him, confer upon him- tortion against his own Parents, and after much Reself a full and complete Delegation of the whole Power sistance upon the Part of the Nabob did force him to and Authority of the Governor General and Council of yield a nominal Acquiescence to the Desires of the said Fort William. Warren Hastand to issue his own Orders (which That lie the said Warren Hastings, some Time before, Orders he did, at the very Time of issuing the same, that is to sav, in the Year One thousand Seven bun- declare to be the Effect of Compulsion only) for the di ed and Eighty-one, did recall the Resident at the Seizure and Confiscation of the Estates and Jaghires of Vpj.. n. his

672 AprilA. 1787.

Articles of his Mother, Grandmother, and many of the principal the same violent and unjust Measures into Execution, Impeach- Nobility of his Country; which said extorted Orders did order a large Force to be marched into the Terri-ment against were cruelly and violently carried into Effect by the tories of the said Vizier, without any Request from Mr. Hastings. Approbation and with the Concurrence of the said him, the said Nabob, and contrary to his declared and Wai'ren Hastings, to the Subversion of Property, the avowed Desire and Inclination.

Destruction of many ancient and honourable Families, In Consequence of which Pleasure and Orders of the Confusion and Discontent of the whole Country, him, the said JVarren , and by Means of the

to the Disgrace of the Prince thus made the Instru- Authorities and Powers by him given, the said ment of Perfidy and Outrage towards his Parents, and dleton did, in Conformity to the same, proceed to the to the unspeakable Dishonour and Disgrace of the City of Fyzabad with a Party of British an^- other British Name and Character in the Eyes of all Asia; Troops, at which City the said Mother and \>rand-which Lands, Jaghires, and Estates, when so taken, mother of the said Nabob did reside; and after spend* were first assigned to the said Resident, in Part Pay- ing Two Days in Negociation (which small Delay ment of the pretended Debt to the Company, and was afterwards charged as a Crime by the said JVarren finally mortgaged to Shroffs, Bankers, or Money Hastings upon the said Middleton) did first storm the Dealers, for the Use of the said Company, and no Town, and then the Castle, where the said Ladies re-Steps of any Kind were taken, either by the said War- sided, and violently, wickedly, and cruelly extort from ten Hastings, or by his Order and Authority, to secure the said Begums and their principal Servants a Disco-the Amount of the said Jaghires to be paid to the said very of their Treasures and Effects, by throwing the Ladies; and positive Orders were given by the said said principal Servants into Prison, loading them with Warren Hastings, that the said Nabob should not be Fetters, and by various other Severities and Cruelties permitted to restore the said Estates to his said Parents, practised towards them; which said Treasures and who, by Want of the Estates, or of the Equivalent Effects were first secured by the said Middleton, and stipulated for them, were reduced to great Difficulty, afterwards applied to the Use of the East India Corn-Distress, and Want. pany.

By all and every one of which Acts and Proceed- That the said Resident, Middleton, or his Assistant mgs, he the said Wai'ren Hastings was, and is, guilty Resident, Johnson, in farther Prosecution of the Orders of a base and flagitious Violation'of the solemn Gua- of the said Warren Hastings, and in order to satisfy the rantee of the British Nation, and also guilty of a Breach unjust, oppressive, and rapacious Demands of him, the of the Treaty of Chunar (if it were a Treaty fit to be said JVarren Hastings, did compel the principal Mi-made) and by the Means by which he effected the rasters of the said Begums to enter into certain Secu-above Crimes is further guilty of Fraud, Violence, rities for divers large Sums of Money, and extort the Extortion, and Injustice towards the Nabob of Oude Payment of the same by Means horrid and cruel, by and his said Parents, and is thereby guilty of High throwing the unfortunate Ministers aforesaid into Pri-Crimes and Misdemeanors. son, loading them with Irons, depriving them of Food,

That not only the Landed Estates or Jaghires, but and by Means of various other Indignities and Seve-the Property, Money, Jewels, and other Effects of the rities: And the said Payment was finally made by the said Parents of the Nabob of Oude, were specially gua- Sale, or pretended Sale, of the Effects, Cloaths, and ranteed to them by the Treaties aforesaid. Wearing Apparel of the said Ladies, which were

That the said JVarren Hastings, without even the much injured by ill keeping, after they had been de-Form of a Treaty, and in further direct Violation of livered to the Agents appointed to receive them, and the above solemn Engagements, during his Residence disposed of for a reduced and inadequate Value; at Chunar aforesaid, did, under Colour and Pretence which said Seizure of the Treasures of the said Be-of the aforesaid illegal Powers and Authorities dele- gums, the Imprisonment of their Ministers, and subgated to him, and under certain other false, frivo- sequent Sale of their Effects, were conducted with lous, wicked, and malicious Pretences, communicate Circumstances of aggravated Atrocity, highly dis-through Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, Chief Justice of the graceful to the British Name and Character, by re-Supreme Court of Judicature, first his Pleasure and during the Mother and Grandmother of the then then his Orders to the Resident, Middleton, that the Reigning Prince of Oude to the utmost Distress, unsaid Treasures, solemnly guaranteed to the said Be- der the pretended Authority of the said Prince, and gums, should be confiscated, and that the same should compelling the Women and Children of the late be applied to the Liquidation of the Nabob’s pretended Nabob Suja ul by Want of the mere Necessa-

Debt to the East India Company: ries of Life, to break through all the Principles of

Which said Pleasure and Order of the said Warren local Decorum which constitute the Character of the Hastings was forced upon the said Nabob, and his Female Sex in that Part of the World, and after frnit-Consent to the said unjust and unjustifiable Acts was less Supplications and Shrieks of Famine, to endea-wrung from him with an almost unconquerable Re- your to break the Inclosure of the Palace, and force luctance. their Way to the Market Place, in order to beg for

That the said JVarren Hastings \in Prosecution of Bread, and finally to submit to the Extremity of Dis-

the said unjust, violent, and oppressive Orders, did grace and Degradation, by exposing themselves to specially prohibit the stud Middleton from allowing any public View, with the starving Children of their late Negociation or Forbearance, and expressly ordered Sovereign, the Brothers and Sisters of the Reigning him to prosecute both Services (that is, the Seizure Prince; in which Attempt they were attacked by the of the Jaghires as aforesaid, and the Confiscation of Sepoys, armed with Bludgeons, and driven back by the Treasures of the said Ladies) until they the said Blows into the Palace: For all which Circumstances Ladies were reduced to the entire Mercy of the said of Cruelty and Barbarity the said JVarren Hastings is in Nabob, their Jaghires in the quiet Possession of his a peculiar Manner responsible, many, if not most of Autnils, and their Wealth in quiet Possession of those the same being the necessary and inevitable Conse-who should screen it from private Embezzlement; quences of the illegal Powers assumed by the said and by these and other Orders given to the said Mid- JVarren Hastings, and the atrocious and unjust Orders dleton, did stimulate and encourage him, the said Mid- given by him, and many of the said Severities and dleton, to every Degree of Severity and Outrage, and Cruelties being made known to the said JVarren Hast-threatened him with the Effects of dreadful Responsi- ings, by the Resident or others; and he, the said bility if he did not obey him, the said JVarren Hast- JVarren Hastings, being informed of the same, did take ings; and in order to enable him the better to carry no Steps for the Redress of the said Cruelties, but, on the

Geo. III. Aprilis.

the coritrahr, did declare the seme to be justly merited, of or A Prince of a noble and Articles of

and did stimulate and encourage his Agents and others ancient Family, and whose Ancestors fill a respected to continue and enforce the same. Station in the Annals of Hindostait, and who from an

By all and every one of which Actings, Doings, early Period have been the Friends and Allies of the and Proceedings by him the said Warren Hastings, or British Power in India.

by his Authority, Counsel, Connivance, or Criminal That during the Life of the said Achmet Khan, the

Neglect, done, perpetrated, and committed, he the said said ul did unjustly withhold and retain

Warren Hastings was, and is, guilty of High Crimes Possession of certain Territories which did of Right and Misdemeanors. belong to the said Achmet Khan, and both he, and

Which said Crimes and Misdemeanors are not only his Son and Successor Asopk ul Bowla, did, under greatly aggravated and increased by the Outrage and Pretext of Friendship, Protection, and Guardianship Violence offered to the Persons and Properties of the of Jung, Son and Successor to the said

said Ladies, the Cruelties practised towards their Mi- Achmet Khan, make new and repeated Invasions of

nisters, and the Misery, Degradation, and Want to the Rights and Possessions of his Ward, the said

which they themselves and their Dependants were re- zuffe Jung, during his Minority; and did fraudu-duced; but are also further aggravated by the Instru- lently, as by the Nature of the said Act appears, ments employed by the said I barren Hastings in the obtain from him the said Jung, an Instru*

Perpetration thereof, the one being a Son, who was ment, or pretended Instrument or Treaty, derogatory compelled to become the Instrument of Extortion and to former Treaties, and the Rights of Muzuffer Jung,

Violence against his own Parents, and the other being under Cotour of which Agreement, or some other Co-His Majesty’s Chief Justice in India, a Person by his lour or Pretence of Non-payment of certain Sums Situation peculiarly unfit to become the Tool of such pretended to be due from the said Muzuffer Jutig, atrocious Proceedings. or the better Recovery of the same, the Nabob' Asopk

And the said Crimes are farther aggravated and en- ul aforesaid, Vizier of the Empire, did place

creased by the false, frivolous, wicked, and malicious the Territories of the said Muzuffer Jung under the Pretences, which he the said Warren Hastings has endea- Authority of an Officer, appointed by him the said voured to set up in Justification of the above disgrace- Nabob Vizier, called a Sizwall, or Sequestrator, the ful and atrocious Acts, and which he has attempted severe Exercise of whose undue Authority in the col-to impose upon his Masters, the Directors of the East leering of a Tribute, concerning the Justice of which India Company, and the British Nation, and by the Warren Hastings has expressed Doubts, but the Amount malicious and unfounded Accusations which he has of which has invariably continued a Part of the Funds since brought against the said Begums, and which he assigned by the Vizier as a Provision for the several has endeavoured to support by Means highly disgrace- public Demands of the East India Company on him ful to British Government, and by a scandalous Prosti- the said Vizier, was the Cau3e of great Rum to the tution of the sacred Character of British Justice in Country, and of many Complaints from the said India. Muzuffer Jung.

And the said Warren Hastings has farther aggravated That Warren Hastings, Esquire, being Governor his said Offences, by audaciously stiffing an Enquiry General as aforesaid, and the said Complaints being into the Crimes charged by him the said Warren made to the British Government by the said Hastings upon the said Princesses j which Enquiry he Jung, he the said Warren Hastings did deem it " in* was bound to make, because the Court of Directors " compatible with the Dignity and Honour of the did declare themselves dissatisfied with the scandalous " Government over which lie presided, to appear to Evidence transmitted by him in his Justification of " countenance the Exercise of an Authority also-the wicked Acts aforesaid, and did in Effect and Sub- " gether unsupported by Equity and Justice, and much stance direct him to make a fuller Enquiry, and to " more 80 to share in the Odium of a severe and of-procure, if he could procure, Evidence fitter for his " pressive Exercise of such an Authority;" and did,

Justification, and to give the oppressed Women of " froin Motives of common Justice, and from a Sense Rank aforesaid the Means of objecting to the said Evi- " of the Nabob Muzuffer Jung's Weakness and Inca-dence, and of producing Evidence on their Part; and " pacity and of the Knavery and Corruption of his the said Enquiry, in Consideration of the true Intent " Servants," on or about the Twenty-second Day of and Meaning of the Letter from the Court of Directors, 1° the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

was proposed by his Colleague, John Stables, Esquire, Eighty propose to his Council, in order to relieve the and resisted by the said Warren Hastings, who did 8aid Muzuffer Jung from the Indignity and Hardships thereby presumptuously endeavour to pass an Act of under which he laboured, entirely to withdraw the Indemnity for his own Crimes, did wantonly insult Sizwall, and to nominate One of the Company’s Civil the Sufferings of the Allies of the Company, and Servants to that Trust, with the same Powers as fof-shew an indecent Contempt of the Authority and Opi- merty exercised by the said Native Officer, subject to nions of the Directors, his lawful Masters. the Authority of the British Resident at the Court of

And all the above Acts and Deeds are still more Oude highly aggravated by the gross and avowed Corrup- Which Proposition was carried into Effect upon tion in which they originated, the said Warren Hast- Reasons, and for the Purposes mentioned and de-ingshaving, at or about the Time when he executed clared by the said Warren Hastings, in a Minute dated the said Treaty at Chunar, withdrawn the Guarantee, the said Twenty-second Day of May, in the Year One and planned the Seizure of the Treasures as aforesaid, thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; and in conse-acccpted and taken to his own Use a Present or Bribe of quetice thereof George Shee wras appointed to the Office One hundred thousand Pounds from the said Nabob of aforesaid.

Oude, contrary to his Duty, the Orders of his Masters, That by the aforesaid Acts done by the Said Warten and the positive Directions of the Law, to the great Hastings, and by various Powers and Authorities given 'Discredit, Disgrace, and Dishonour of the British or authorized by him, the said Muzuffer Jung was Name and Character. completely taken under the East India Company’s

Protection; which Company, and their Servants and ARTICLE THIRD. Representatives, and particularly the said iVaneti

That certain Treaties of Amity and Friendship were Hastings, their Governor General, became respdrisibfo entered into between Sujah ul Dowlah, Vizier of the for the good Government of the Territories of that Empire, and Achmet Khan, a Chief of the Nation Prince, whom they had thus put in a State of Pupil-V o h.42, 8 1 lage,

674 ^5° . 1787.

Articles of lage, and were bound to protect him, not only from tradiction to the Reason given by the said

Impeach* the Oppressions of the Officers of the said Vizier, but Hastings for the Appointment of the said Shee, he

®k° ^rom the Effects of his own Weakness on the one having then declared the Knavery and Corruption as P* an(j the Knavery and Corruption of his Ser- of the Servants of the said Jung to be such,

vants on the other. that it was necessary be should be taken out of their

That he the said JVarren Hastings falsely pretending, Hands, that if Muzuffer Jung mhst endure Oppression, he the That the said JVHastings did, at the Time of said Wairen Hastings durst not then propose his Re- the said Recommendation, or nearly about the Time,

lief: make himself responsible to the Vizier for the Pay-

And that the Authority of the said Shee was more ment of the Tribute payable to the said Vizier

subversive of the Authority of the said Muzuffer Jung by the said Muzuffer Jung; which Tribute was not

than that of the Vizier’s Officer, and the Exercise of it paid, either by the said Ulla or the said War-

more oppressive: ren Hastings] and by the Non-payment of which, he

And also falsely pretending, that the Nabob Muzuf- the said JVarren Hastings was guilty of another Breach

fer Jung was equally anxious with the Vizier for the of Faith to the said Vizier.

Recall of the said Shee: That the said JVarren Hastings, alledging that the

And further falsely pretending, that it was the De- said Subghut Ulla had reported that the Interference to sire of him the said JVarren Hastings, that a proper which his Master owed his then Protection, was pur-Guardian should be selected for him the said Muzuffer chased by him from the English Gentlemen, meaning Jung, from among the ancient Dependants of his Fa- thereby the Governor General and Council, or Chief mily, he the said JVarren Hastings, upon these and Justice, or some of them, or some other English Per-other Pretences, equally false, and not possessing any le- sons in Authority, or Possession of Influence in the gal Authority to enter into, or to conclude any Treaty Government, did, of his own Authority, in the Month whatsoever, and having received from the said Nabob of April, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred of Oude a Present or Bribe of Ten Lacks of Rupees, and Eighty-two, order the said Subghut Ulla to be dis-did, at a certain Place called Chunar, enter into a cer- missed from the Service of the said Muzuffer Jung, tain Treaty or Agreement, dated the Nineteenth Day contrary to the earnest Wishes and Desires of the said of September, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Prince; and the said JVarren Hastings having ordered and Eighty-one, with Asoph ul Dmla aforesaid, Nabob such Dismission, did take no Care whatever to place

of Oude; by which Treaty he did expressly stipulate, the Affairs of the said Muzuffer Jung in the Hands of " that no British Resident should be appointed at any proper Person, but did again expose the unFarruckabad, and the present one recalledby fortunate Prince aforesaid to the ruinous Effects of his

which Treaty he did abandon that Country, the Pro- own Weakness, and the Knavery and Corruption of

tection of which he had but a short Time before un- his Servants, from the Effects of which Weakness, dertaken, from Motives of common Justice, and did Knavery, and Corruption, it was the Duty of the said deliver over the helpless Prince thereof to the Rapa- Jl arrcn Hastings to guard the Prince, whose Protection dty of the Vizier and his Servants, the Exercise of he had undertaken.

whose Authority over the said Muzuffer Jung he the That the said JVarren Hastings did further, some said JVarren Hastings has declared to be founded nei- Time in the Month of August, in the Year One thou-

ther in Equity or Justice. sand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, under Pretence

That the said JVarren Hastings did, neither at the of the said Report propagated by one of the Servants Time of making the said Treaty, nor has he since, of the said Muzuffer Jung, communicate his Resolution ever attempted to bring the said Shee to any Trial for of withdrawing the British Protection from the said the pretended Oppression of which he thus accused Muzuffer Jung to the Nabob Vizier, and did direct that him; on the contrary, he very soon after his Recall effectual Assistance should be given to the Vizier, for did confer upon him a large Pension, and did shortly the Recovery of his Claims upon Farruckabad, con-after confer upon him a high judicial Office, for which cerning the Justice of which Claims the said JVarren he was peculiarly uufit, if he had ever been'guilty of Hastings has himself expressed Doubts; and the said any such Crime. Vizier accordingly did re-appoint a Native Sizwall, a

That the said JVarren Hastings did neither then, nor Subject or Servant of him the said Vizier, who was has he since, ever given the least Reason to believe, established in his Authority, and maintained in tlto that any of the Pretences upon which he grounded the same by Means of a British Military Force, com-said Treaty had any Foundation whatever in Truth; manded by British Officers, and under the Direction on the contrary, there is every Reason to conclude, of the British Resident; which said Acts, done upon that they were totally false, and that the Bribe afore- the Pretence aforesaid, were in manifest Contradiction said was the real, and the stud pretended Reasons only to every Principle of Justice and Equity towards the the ostensible Grounds for the said Treaty. said Muzuffer Jung.

That the said Vizier understanding the said Treaty That the said Native Sizwall did aggravate and re-(as it was really meant) to give him an uncontrouled new the Severities exercised by the former Native Authority over Farruckabad-, and that, by the same, Sizwall against the said Muzuffer Jung, to the utter he was left to settle his Matters as he could with the Extinction of his Rights, and the depriving him of said Muzuffer Jung; he the said Vizier did shortly after the Means of Subsistence, which said Severities and appoint a certain Person, named Almass Ali Cawn Cruelties were made known to the said JVarren Hast-to be Sizwall at Farruckabad, which Appointment the so early as the Month of October, in the Year One said JVarren Hastings did very soon after compel him to thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and Corn-recall, and by that Compulsion did violate the very plaints concerning the same were repeated frequently, Treaty of Chunar, which he had but a few Weeks and particularly in the Month of February One thou-before entered into with the said Vizier. sand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, with Assurances

That the said JVarren Hastings did, nearly about the that if Relief were delayed, the Existence of the said same Time, that is to say, on or about some Day Muzuffer Jung and his Family became doubtful and in the Month of November, in the Year One thousand difficult: Yet nevertheless the said JVarren Hastings Seven hundred and Eighty-one, recommend one Sub- did, in direct Breach of his Duty, delay to bring ghat Ulla, a Servant of the said Muzuffer Jung, to have the said Complaints before his Council, from the the chief Management of his Affairs: Month of October, in the Yew One thousand Seven

Which said Recommendation was in direct Con- hundred and Eighty-two, till the Month of October,

in

1

27 Geo. III. 35°

in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and did during the whole Time aforesaid leave the said Muzuffer' Jung under the severe Exercise of an

Authority, which in Truth, and according to his own Declaration, was unsupported by Equity and Justice, and which Authority it was incompatible with the Honour and Dignity of a British Government to appear even to countenance, but which Authority wras solely established and maintained by the Means of a British Military Force, subject to the Orders and Commands of the said Warren Hastings and his Colleagues.

That the said Warren Hastings did, in the Month of

October, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, make a Proposal to his Council for the appointing a British Resident at pre-

tending he did the same from a Sense of Submission to the implied Orders of the Court of Directors, but really from a Conviction, long since entertained by him, of the Necessity of such an Appointment for the Preservation of our National Credit, which National Credit, however, he had put it out of his own Power to preserve, without a Breach of the National Faith, pledged to the Vizier by the Treaty oiChunar.

That in consequence of such Proposal, John Willes, Esquire, was appointed to the Office of Resident at the City of Farruckabad, and did proceed to the said City in Execution of his Duty, in which however he was much impeded by the Neglect and by the Orders of the said Warren Hastings; by which Treaty aforesaid, entered into at Chunar, the implied Consent given by the same to the Appointment of a Native Sizwall, and subsequent Breach of Faith to the Vizier by ordering his Jlecall; the Delivery over of Jung to the

Corruption of his Servants; Re-delivery of him to the Rapacity of the Viziers Servants; Re-appoint-' ment of a British Resident, in direct Contradiction to the said Chunar Treaty; and by all the other Acts and Deeds before mentioned, done and omitted to be done by him the said Warren Hastingshe has been guilty of great Neglect of Duty, Usurpation of Authority, complicated Breach of Treaty, and Duplicity, towards both the said Vizier and the said Muzuffer Jung, to the great Disgrace of the British Name, and the Discredit of the British Government in India; having reduced himself to the Situation that he could neither deliver Muzuffer Jung from Oppression, without a Breach of Faith to the Nabob Vizier, nor suffer him to remain under the said Oppression, without violating all Faith, and all Justice, and Regard to him.

And by all and every one of the aforesaid Acts, done, perpetrated, and committed by him the said Warren Hastings, he was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

ARTICLE FOURTH.

That it was the Duty of Warren Hastings, Esquire, while Governor General of Bengal, strictly to attend to the Expenditure of Public Money; and more particularly, in a Time of War and public Distress, to be careful that those Revenues upon which the Welfare and Safety of the Empire did necessarily depend, should not be diminished or ruined by Dissipation and Prodigality, and should not be diverted from the Public Service, and squandered, for the Purpose of increasing his own personal Influence, and providing for his Dependants.

That it was the Duty of Warren Hastings, Esquire, in every Instance in his Power, to pay due Obedience to the Orders of the Court of Directors, his lawful Superiors.

That it was a fundamental Regulation of the East India Company, that all Contracts should be put up to Public Auction, and disposed of to the best Bidder — And it was, by the Thirty-sixth Paragraph of the Instructions given by the Court of Directors of Vor. 42.

ifrilis. 6 75

the East India Company, to the Governor General Articles of and Council, dated some Day in March, in the Year Impeach-One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, spe- ment against dally directed, That all Contracts, with the Conditions, Mr, Hast, D68-should be publicly advertised, and sealed Proposals delivered in for the same; and that every Proposal should be opened in Council, and the Preference given to the lowest, provided sufficient Security should be offered for the Performance of the same; and that all such Proposals, with all Proceedings thereupon, should be entered in a Book, and be regularly transmitted to the Court of Directors.

That it was the express Order of the Court of 'Directors of the East India Company, that their Servants in Bengal should Advertise for, and should receive every Year, such Proposals as might be offered for supplying the Troops with Provisions, and for furnishing Draft and Carriage Bullocks to be employed with the Army; and that they should in all Cases accept the Proposals which might appear most reasonable in Point of Charge; and that they should take Care, that in all their Advertisements a sufficient Time should be allowed, before the Expiration of the Contract which might then subsist, or the Time which they might limit for receiving Proposals, for such Persons who might become Candidates for the Con-tractorship to prepare their Proposals for such Contract.

That divers other Orders and Commands, to the same Purpose and Effect, have been issued by the said Court of Directors, at different Times, to their Servants in India.

That the Opium produced in Bengal and Bahar is a very considerable and lucrative Article in the Export Trade of those Provinces; and has of late Years been under a Monopoly for the Advantage of the East India Company, and has been provided by a Contractor; previous to the making a Contract with whom, and in the Contract made, all the Rules and Regulations prescribed by the Directors of the East India Company ought to have been substantially observed and followed.

That it was particularly directed and ordered, that the said Opium, when so provided, should be consigned to the Board of Trade, who were directed to dispose of the same by public Auction.

That it was further the Duty of the said Warren Hastings, not only to be careful in the Expenditure of the Public Money, in the making of Contracts, and in providing for Services; but it was also his Duty to be particularly careful not to lavish the Money of his Employers in excessive Salaries and Emoluments to favoured Individuals, contrary not only to the general Principles of his Duty, but to the positive Orders of his Masters.

That the Court of Directors did especially order and direct that the Sum of Six thousand Pounds per Annum, or some other such Sum, should be paid to the Commander in Chief, in full for his Services, as Commander in Chief, in lieu of Travelling Charges, and of all other Emoluments whatsoever.

That it was particularly the Duty of the said Warren Hastings, not to create, by his Prodigality, that Public Distress, which he has since offered as the principal, if not the only Excuse, for many of his violent and oppressive Acts; and it was particularly his Duty not to rob, by enormous and extravagant Pensions to his Friends and Favourites, that Prince, whose Subsidy to the Company was among its best Resources, but whose Wants and Necessities had forced him to incur an enormous Debt to the Company, to the Ruin of his Country, and the great Distress of the East India Company.

That the said Warren Hasting?,without Regard to his Duty, or the Trust reposed in him, the Distress of the Company, or the Orders of the Court of

Directors,

676 25 6 ApA. 1787.

Articles of Directors. did, in pursuance of a System of Profusion importation of Opium is expressly forbidden, fiOt

Impeach. and Prodigality, and with a View to enrich his Fa- only to the great Risk and Hazard, but to the great

mThmu"* vourites and Dependants, enter into many and va- actual Loss of the said India Company, and to the r. a* ngs. r;ous without the least Attention to the great Disgrace of the British Character in India.

wholesome Orders above mentioned; which said im- That the said Warren Hastings, in further Prosecu-provident and corrupt Contracts did greatly tend to tion of the said System of Disobedience to the Orders the Impoverishment and Ruin of the East India Com- of his Superiors, and of Prodigality and Profusion pany. — And he the said Warren Hastings did further above mentioned, having, some Time in the Year authorize and approve of many enormous Salaries One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, ac-and extravagant Allowances to his Favourites, and cepted of Proposals for providing Draft and Carriage did lavish away much of the Resources of the Com- Bullocks to the Army for Three Years, without Advef-pany, and of the Princes in Alliance with them, in tising for the same, did, while One Half of the Time the same. — -And in particular, limited for the Duration of the said Contract tVas

Having granted a Contract for the Provision of unexpired, and without any Complaint upon the

Opium to John Mackenzie for Three Years, without Part of uie Contractor, and without any Complaint having Advertised for the same, which said Transac- upon the Part of the Army, that the said Contract tion was condemned by the Court of Directors; and was inadequate to the regular Supply, first approve having, contrary to the Orders above-mentioned, of, and then carry in Council, a Resolution that a taken away the Sale of Opium from the Board of Proposal should be made on the Part of the Goveftt-Trade at Calcutta; he the said Warren Hastings did, ment to the then Contractors, for dissolving the then in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty- existing Contract, and entering into a new Contract one, grant to Stephen Sullivan, Esquire, Son to Law- for Five Years, upon Terms infinitely more advan-rence Sullivan (a Person of great Weight and Influence tageous to the Contractor, and more injurious to the with the East India Company, and then, on or about East India Company, than the then subsisting Con-that Time, Chairman of the Court of Directors of the tract; and did by the same agree for the keeping of said Company) a Contract for the Provision of Opium a Number of Bullocks far exceeding the Number for Four Years, without Advertising for the Proposals, which the Commander in Chief had some Time be-and even, as far as appears, without receiving any fore declared to be sufficient for the whole Army, written Proposals from the said Sullivan for the same — hnd at a Rate infinitely higher than that of the then And in the said Contract did omit the Clause inserted existing Contract; which said unnecessary Increase, in the preceding Contract, providing that the same both in the Number and Rate, did create a most wanton should be liable to be determined by the Orders of and enormous Expence to the East India Company, the Court of Directors; and did further take away of no less a Sum than near Fifty thousand Pounds sundry Restrictions usually and providently imposed per Annum, or some other large Sum, more than the upon the Contractor in Contracts of that Nature; then existing Contract; which said Proposal and Reso-and, among other Things, did abolish the Office of lution was finally carried into Effect, and a Contract Inspector into the Quality of the Opium, an Office for the same granted to Charles Crofftes, the confidential instituted for the sole Purpose of preventing Fraud Friend of the said Warren Hastings, to the great Loss upon the Part of the Contractor, and did not only and Damage of the East India Company, and in every grant the said Contract in a Manner contrary to the Respect contrary to the express Orders and Directions Orders of his Masters, but upon Terms glaringly ex- of the Court of Directors.

travagant and wantonly profuse, for the Purpose of That the said Contract did contain a Clause, by creating an instant Fortune to the said Sullivan, at the which it was agreed, that if at the End of Four Expence of the East India Company; the said Sullivan Years the East India Company, or their Servants, possessing neither local Knowledge nor Skill in the should not give Notice to the Contractor of their particular Manufacture; which said Sullivan did never Desire to put an End to the said Contract, that then, execute, or attempt to execute, the said Contract, and in that Case, the same should be continued for but did, on or before the Execution of the Articles One additional Year, beyond the Term of Five between him and the Governor General and Council, Years.

transfer the same to John Bern, Esquire, for the Sum That the Directors of the East India Company did

of Three hundred and Fifty thousand Rupees, or condemn, in strong and pointed Terms, the above soaie other large Sum; which said Bcnn did, almost Contract, and did direct that, One Year at least beat the same Time, transfer the same to another, for the fore the Expiration of the same, Advertisements Sum of One hundred and Forty-nine thousand Rupees, should be issued for Proposals for a new Contract or Fourteen thousand Nine hundred Pounds per upon the lowest Terms; yet the said Warren Hastings Annum, or some other large Sum, to be paid to him did neglect, at or before the Expiration of Four during the Duration of the same. Years, to give such Notice as aforesaid; by Means

That the said Warren Hastings, in Breach of his of which Neglect the said Contract was extended to Duty aforesaid, and upon Pretence that there was lit- Six Years by virtue of the Clause aforesaid, as by tie Demand for the Commodity which he had thus Reference thereto will more fully appear; by which

monopolized at an extravagant Rate, and upon a Pre- Extension the Company were not only, by the cul-

tence that no Purchaser had offered, and that there pable Neglect of the said Warren Hastings, put under was little Prospect of any offering; although the said the Necessity of continuing an extravagant and im-Warren Hastings did make no Attempt to sell the provideut Contract for a longer Time than they were same; and although the Directors of the East India bound to do, but a Pretence was afforded to the said Company had specially ordered the same to be con- Wart'en Hastings to purchase a Relinquishment of the signed to the Board of Trade, and put up to public said Contract, upon Terms nearly, if not equally, Auction; and although, in Point of Fact, there were extravagant with the Contract itself, to the great Persons in Calcutta who had Authority to bid for the Loss and Damage of the East India Company. And Whole, or the greatest Part of the said Opium — Yet the said Warren Hastings, after the extravagant Pur-the said Warren Hastings, in order to favour certain chase, did further, in direct Contradiction to his Individuals, did borrow Money at a large Interest, Duty, and to the Orders of his Masters, grant the for the Purpose of advancing the same to the Con- Provision of Bullocks for the Army to one Sir Charles

tractor aforesaid, and did finally engage the East India Blunt, by the Mode of Agency, a Mode of conduct-

Company in a Smuggling Adventure, of a compli- ing the Business condemned by the Court of Direc-cated and expensive Nature, to China, where the tors, as one in which private Influence is likely to

5 prevail

2 7 G Eo. III. 2 50 Aprilis.

prevail over public Advantage, where every erroneous Treasure, in a Time of War and Difficulty, in these Articles of Calculation turns to the Loss of the Public, and where few Instances alone, to the Amount of Five hundred Impeach-the Expence is uncertain and indefinite. thousand Pounds

That the said Warren Hastings did, by the said Money. And by Acts done and omitted, first wantonly waste the Trea- Deeds, by him the said Warren Hastings done, perpe-sure of his Employers, and positively disobey the trated, and committed, he the said Warren Hastings Orders of his Masters in granting the said Contract; was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, then culpably neglect his Duty, by not giving No- That in further pursuance of the same prodigal and tice to the Contractor of the Company’s Intention of corrupt System of Government, the said Warren putting an End to his Contract; next did prodigally Hastings did, some time in or about the Month of and extravagantly purchase the Relinquishment of the December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty,

Right thus gained to the Contractor by his own nominate and appoint James Peter Auriol, Esquire, to Neglect; and finally disobey the repeated Orders of be Agent for the Purchase of Supplies for the Relief his Masters, by the Mode in which he conducted of the Presidency of , at which Settlement

the Business after the Contractor’s Right was thus there was then a great Scarcity of Provisions, bought. That the said then uniting in his

That the said Warren Hastings did, some Time in own Person all the Powers of Government, did give the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- to the said Auriol a Commission of Fifteen Pounds nine, in further Prosecution of the said corrupt and per Centum upon all Purchases to be made by him, and prodigal System of Government, and in direct Con- all Expences of Shipping and Freightage, and on all tradiction to his Duty, and the Orders of his Supe- other Expences whatsoever incurred in Consequence riors, and with a View to increase his own Influence, and by Reason of the said Purchases, although the create an Establishment for Sir Eyre Coote, then Com- said Auriol had required only the usual Commission' mander in Chief, at an Expence of no less a Sum for his Trouble, and notwithstanding the said Warren than One hundred Eighty-four thousand One hundred Hastings did know that the Rate of Five Pounds per and Sixty-two Rupees per Annum, or about Eighteen Centum only was the customary Allowance made to thousand Pounds Sterling, which said Establishment Merchants when employed in Transactions of the like was created in consequence of a Claim which the said Nature.

Sir Eyre Coote made to certain Allowances granted by That the said Warren Hastings did, at the same the said Warren Hastings to Giles Stibbert, Provincial Time, that is to say, in or about the Month of De-Commander in Chief, before the Arrival of Sir Eyre cember One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, fur-Coote in India: Which Allowances, to the Amount of ther nominate and appoint the said James Peter Auriol about Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, the said Sir to be Agent of Supplies to all the other Presidencies,

Eyre Coote contended did devolve upon him; and al- and to the Island of; and did allow him

though there was no Pretence to continue the same the same Commission of Fifteen Pounds per Centum as to the said Stibbert, yet, nevertheless, the said Warren aforesaid, although the said Auriol, in the Proposal by Hastings did continue the said Allowances to the said him delivered to the Board, did only make Offers

Stibbert, and did further allow the above Sum of for the Supply of the Presidency of Madras, and not-

Eighteen thousand Pounds per Annum, or some other withstanding the said Warren Hastings did neither large Sum, to the said Sir Eyre Coote, in lieu of the know or pretend to know' that any extraordinary Sup-Allowances thus demanded by him. plies were then wanted by the other Presidencies, or

That the said Warren Hastings did further, in Prose- by the Island of Saint Helena, or that a sufficient cution of the said System of Profusion and Prodiga- Complaint had been made by any of the Presidencies, lity, and also in direct Violation of the Treaty be- or Island aforesaid, of the Mode by which, or the tween the East India Company and the Nabob Vizier, Persons by whom, they had been usually supplied some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred with Provisions.

and Seventy-nine, order and direct, through the That the said Warren Hastings, at the Time of such Means of his Council, that the extravagant Allow- Appointment, did illegally and scandalously, and ances aforesaid should be added to the general Debit upon a Principle at once subversive of Subordination’ of the Nabob Vizier’s Account by the Resident at and Oeconomy, declare that the aforesaid Post of Luchnoxc, and that the same should continue so long Agent was intended as a Reward for his, the said as the General should remain beyond the River Ca- Auriol's, long and laborious Services, the said Auriol rumnassa. being the n, and having been for some Time before,

That although the Court of Directors, some Time One of the Secretaries of the Supreme Council, in the Month of October One thousand Seven hundred which Office, at the Time when tfi.e said Auriol suc-and Eighty, did pointedly condemn the said Al- ceeded to the same, had, by the Public Authority of lowances, and order the same to be discontinued, the Board, suffered a Reduction in the regular Salary yet the said IVan'en Hastings, in direct Breach of his annexed to it.

Duty, of the Treaty with the Vizier, and of the Or- That the said Warren Hastings, being himself sensi-ders of his Masters, did, of his own private Autho- ble of the very exorbitant Gain which accrued to the rity, continue to the said Sir Eyre Coote certain large said Auriol from the Rate of Commission originally Allowances, to the Amount of Fifteen thousand Five allowed to him, did, on the Twenty-fifth Day of hundred and Fifty-four Rupees, or thereabouts, per March, propose in Council a Reduction thereof to Month, or about Twenty-one thousand Six hundred Five Pounds per Centum on the Freight, Charues of and Fifty-four Pounds per Annum; which Allow ances Shipping, and all other Charges, which Sum the said continued, by the sole Command and private Autho- Warren Hastings did then represent to be the Amount rity of the said Warren Hastings, to be paid by the drawn by Merchants; but the said Warren Hastings Vizier for the Use and Behoof of the said Sir Eyre was therein guilty of criminal Misrepresentation to Coote, not only while he continued in the Province of his Masters, inasmuch as it was not customary for Oude, but even while he was with the British Army Merchants to draw any Commission for Freight, upon the Coast of Coromandel. Charges, or Shipping, or any other Charges, and no

By which Acts, Orders, Allowances, and Contracts, more than a Commission of Five Pounds Centum on made and granted, and ordered and done by the said the Purchases alone, on which the said Warren Has-Warren Hastings, he the said Warren Hastings has been tings did suffer the said Agent Auriol still to draw the guilty of direct Disobedience of Orders; of enormous original Allowance of Fifteen Pounds and

Profusion; of Prodigality and Waste of the Public the Rice and other Provisions supplied by the said Vo l. 4 "2. 8 K Auriol

Sterling, or some other large Sum of en‘aSalDst all and every one of w’hich Acts and r‘ astlngs*

25* Aprilis. A. 1787.

Articles of Auriol having been found, in divers Instances, of a lishment, contrary to the Orders of the Court of Di-

Impcach- bad and insufficient Quality, deficient in Measure, rectors, for the Purpose of creating and securing a an<* not corresponding with the Musters and Invoices Fortune to One of his own Dependants, in Defiance of thereunto relating, and divers Complaints thereof the lawful Authority of the Court of Directors, and in having been received by the said Warren Hastings, he Subversion of the just Rights and Powers of any Go» the said Warren Hastings did not only continue the vernor who might be appointed to succeed him-said Auriol in the said Agency, but did discourage all In all which Declarations, Engagements, Acts, and just and necessary Enquiry into the Execution of so Proceedings, by him made, done, proposed, and per-important a Service, and all Complaints of the Non- petrated, the said Warren Hastings was, and is, guilty performance thereof. of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

That in all thp aforesaid Declarations, Acts, and Deeds, by him made and done, and committed, in Vio- ARTICLE FIFTH,

lation of his Duty, and in Breach of the high Trust That Sujah ul Hawlah, Nabob of Oude, and Vizier reposed in him, the said Warren Hastings was, and is, of the Empire, did, in the Year One thousand Seven guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors. hundred and Seventy-four, engage in a War with the

That in further Prosecution of the same prodigal Tribe or Nation of the That has-

and corrupt System of Government, the said Governor tings, whilst he was President of the Presidency of General, Warren Hastings, did, some Time in or about Fort William in Bengal, did engage the United Com-the Month of November One thousand Seven hundred pany of Merchants trading to the Fast Indies to assist and Seventy-six, propose in Council to create, and did the said Sujah ul in the Prosecution of the said

induce the said Council to concur in creating, a new War.

Office or Appointment, that is to say, the Appoint- That the Nabob Fyzoola Khan, a Chief of the Rxr ment of an Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provi- hillas, a Prince of a mild and pacific Disposition, and sions for the Garrison of Fort William in Bengal, for faithfully attached to the said United Company and which Appointment no adequate Necessity did then the English Nation, did, in the Year One thousand Se-exist. ven hundred and Seventy-four, at the Time of the

That the said Warren Hastings did, in a Spirit of Extirpation or Expulsion of that Tribe or Nation, criminal Partiality to his own Favourites, nominate save himself by Retreat.

aDd appoint to the said Agency John Belli, Esquire, That, trusting to the Good Faith of the said Com-who at that Time was, and did continue to be, the pany and the English Nation, he did, soon after such confidental and private Secretary of the said Warren Retreat, viz' in the Month of May, in the Year One Hastings. thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, make

That, notwithstanding the said Warren Hastings, at Overtures of Peace, by sending a Vakeel or Ambas-the Time of creating the said Office or Agency, had sador to Alexander Champion, Commander in Chief of consented to take the Opinion of respectable Mer- the Forces of the Company in Bengal, and, at the chants in Calcutta, in order to ascertain the Rate of Time of such Overture for Peace as aforesaid, com-Commission proper to be allowed to the said Agent; manding the Troops of the Company then serving and notwithstanding that the Opinion of the said Mer- against the said

chants was formally reported to the Board, wherein That the said Alexander Champion did, for divers they the said Merchants did declare that a Commission weighty and sufficient Reasons by him then set forth, of Twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum to be allowed warmly recommend to the President and Council of

to the said Agent, upon all Purchases by him to be the said United Company, nominated and appointed made, would be a full and sufficient Compensation for the Government of the Affairs of the said Com-for all the Trouble and Expences of the said Agent, pany in by and through the said wren Hast-

in consequence of executing the said Office, yet the whilst lie was President as aforesaid, to agree to

said Warren Hastings did propose in Counsel, and by such Overtures of Peace as aforesaid: That the Terms his own casting Voice did grant an Allowance of of Peace so offered by the said Fyzoola Khan were wise Commission, of Thirty Pounds per Centum per Annum, and advantageous, as well to the said Vizier as to the upon ail Purchases to be made by him the said Agent said United Company: That the said Warren Hastings, as aforesaid. without any valid Objection being set up or enforced by

That the said Warren Hastings did at the same Time him, in Answer to the Reasons of sound Policy, Mo-engage and make himself answerable to the Council, deration, anti Justice, recommended by the said r-that in case the Court of Directors should disapprove ander Champion as aforesaid, did, on or about the of and: disallow the said Allowance or Commission of Month of June One thousand Seven hundred and Se-Thirty Pounds per Centum he would himself become venty-four, instruct and desire the said Alexander bound for the lie-payment of such Part thereof into Champion not to solicit the said Stijah ul Dowlah to re-the Company’s Treasury, and for their Use, as should linquish his Conquest of the said Fyzoola Khan, but to be so disallowed or ordered to be re-pajd by the Court encourage him therein; whereby the said Warren of Directors, thereby manifesting a Degree of Connec- Hastings did act in Violation of the Principles of tion and Concern in the Interests of the said Belli, of Justice and sound Policy, and contrary to the Duties % most suspicious Appearance, and dangerous Exam- of his Station.

pie. — But nevertheless the said Warren Hastings, when That, as well at the Time last aforesaid, as at the thereunto required by the Orders of the Company, did Time herein next set forth, the Government of the

refuse to comply with and fulfil the said Engagement said United Company in Bengal was carried on by a

of re-paying to the Company any Part of the Profits President and Council: That, for the better Govern-so granted to the said John Belli, as aforesaid. ment thereof, a Select Committee was appointed, con-

That the said Warren Hastings did, some Time on sisting of the President, and certain other Members of or about the Month of August One thousand Seven the Council — That the President had no Authority to

hundred anti Seventy-nine, at a Time when he knew act singly, nor any Right to send Orders without the

the Government of which he was the Head was about Concurrence of the said Council or Select Comr to expire, convert the said Agency into a Contract, mittee.

and upon the same advantageous Terms, and at the That the said Warren Hastings, whilst he was Presi-same Rates of Allowance to the said Belli, for the dent as aforesaid, did, on divers Days in the Month of Space of Five Years, thereby engaging the Company September, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred in thq Support of an unnecessary and expensive Estab- and Seventy-four, and on divers other Days and

3 Times,

37 Geo. III. 25° Aprilis.

Times, in Conjunction with the Select Committee aforesaid, testify his Satisfaction on the Prospect of an Accommodation, and hi* Hope that the said Viaier Sujah ul Dorwlah would accede to lenient Terms respecting the said Fyzoola , and, together with the said Committee, did communicate the same to the said Alexander Champion. That, nevertheless, the said Warren Hastings, not regarding, bat grossly violating

his said public Order or Instruction, did, on or about the Sixteenth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, by himself, without the Participation of the Members of the said Select Committee or Council for conducting the Government of Bengal as aforesaid, direct the said Alexander Champion and Sujah ul Dowlah, not to come to any Terms of Accommodation with the said Fyzoola Khan, but to dictate foe Conditions of Peace, and admit only of the Acceptance of such Conditions without Reservation. By which last mentioned Conduct, the said Warren Hastings did not only violate the Duty of his Station, by< as far as in him lay, illegally and clandestinely counteracting the avowed Object of foe Orders of the said Select Committee for conducting the Government of Bengal, but by such his faithless Duplicity did risque the putting an honourable Period to the killa War.

That, previotts to the Receipt of these Secret Orders of the said Warren Hastings, by the said Alexander Champion, a Treaty of Peace and Friendship between the Vizier Sujah ul Dorwlah and foe Nabob Fyzoola Khan was finally signed and sealed on foe Seventh Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, at a Place called Llal Dang. That, in Consideration of concluding the said Treaty, the Nabob Fyzoola Khan agreed to pay, and did in Fact pay, the Sum of Fifteen Lacks of Rupees, or One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, and upwards, or some other large Sum of Money, to the Vizier Sujah ul Dowlah.

That by the said Treaty the Nabob Fyzoola Khan, in-Consideration of the above-mentioned Sum of Money so paid by him to the Vizier, was established in the quiet Possession of the Territories of Rwmpore, and

some other Districts of the Country dependant thereon, in the Nature of Jaghires, or Landed Estates.

That the said Alexander Champion was invested with Power to engage the Guarantee of the Company to the Treaty aforesaid. That he did, on the Day and Year last aforesaid, sign and seal the Treaty of Llal Dang, meaning to engage, and he did thereby engage the said United Company to guarantee the same.

That the said Warren Hastings understood the Guarantee of the said Company to be so engaged.

That the said Fyzoola Khan did, on or about the Times last aforesaid, conceive Doubts respecting the Security of the Jaghire Lands, and Apprehensions that-foe Validity of the Guarantee of his Jaghire would be disputed.

That, by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Government of the Affairs of the " Fast India Company," the Government of Bengal was vested in a Governor General and Council. That by the Tenth Section of the said Act of Parliament, the said Warren Hastings was appointed Governor General. That; subsequent to foe passing of the said Act of Parliament, the said Fyzoola Khan did, on divers Days and Times, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, as well as at divers Days and Times afterwards, through Nathaniel Middleton, at that Time Resident at the Court of Oudc, by the Appointment of the said Warren Hastings, and by divers Letters and otherwise, entreat the said Warren Hastings to confirm the said Guarantee of the United Company to him foe said Fyzoola Khan, so granted as aforesaid, but the said Warren Hastings, whilst he wus Governor General as Vol. 42.

aforesaid, did dot Komtaahicfete to the Supreme Council Articles of of Bengal, but did, for many Months; conceal and In>peach-keep secret the Solicitations of him the said Fyzoola ^HasUn* Khan respecting the said Guarantee, and did not, as 1 r’ as was his Duty, lay the same before the said Council until the Ninth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight That the said Hastings did then communicate to the said Council a Letter from the said Middleton, notifying, that he the said Middleton had appointed Daniel Octavos Esquire, to

go to Rumpore, the Capital and Residence of the said Fyzoola Khan, to enquire into the Truth of certain Reports, circulated to the Prejudice of the said Fyzoola Khan, respecting the said Treaty. That the said Women Hastings, whilst he was Governor General, did propose, and the Council (the Majority of which was composed of the said Hustings, and Richard Barwell,

Esquire, Brother to Darnel Octavus Barwell aforesaid) did approve of foe Appointment of the said Daniel Octavus Barwell, made by the said Middleton; and further resolved, " that the said Resident

"be authorized to offer the Company’s Guarantee for " the Observance of the Treaty subsisting between the " Vizier and Fyzoola Khan, provided it meets with " the Vizier’s Concurrence." That the said Daniel Octavus Barwell did report from Rumpore, to the Council at Calcutta aforesaid, the Good Eaith of the said Fyzoola Khan, and that he the said Fyzoola Khan had preserved inviolate every Article of the Treaty of Llal Dang aforesaid; and, in Fact, the said Fyzoola Khan had preserved inviolate the Treaty as aforesaid.

That the Vizier Asoph ul Dorwlah did consent to the said Guarantee being renewed, on the Condition that he should receive the Presents usually offered oh those Occasions. That the renewed Treaty and Guarantee was presented to the said Fyzoola Khan, by the said Daniel Octavus Barwell, with great and unusual Solemnity. That the said Fyzoola Khan did deliver to foe said Daniel Octavus Barwell the Present for the Vizier as aforesaid, and accompanied the said Present with a Lack of Rupees, equal in Value to Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other large Sum of Money, a9 a further Gift to the said Vizier; That the said Fyzoola Khan did offer a like Sum of One Lack of Rupees, equal in Value to Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other large Sum of Money, to the said Daniel Octavus Barwell, as a Gift or Present to the Company on renewing the said Treaty and Guarantee:

That the said Daniel Octavus Barwell did not immediately accej>t the Money, but took a Bond for the same, and communicated the Offer to the Board at Calcutta :That the said Warren Hastings did propose, and the Board, constituted as last aforesaid, notwithstanding the Objections thereto, insisted upon and set forth by Philip Francis, Esquire, at that Time a Member of the said Board; did agree to accept the same, and it was in Fact accepted.

That the said Warren Hastings, First, in admitting, by his Conduct as aforesaid, that it was Matter of Doubt whether the Guarantee of the said United Company, pledged to the said Fyzoola Khan by the Signature of Alexander Champion as aforesaid, was binding on the said- United Company; Secondly, in consenting to the Receipt of certain Presents on Behalf of the Vizier, for the Renewal of a Treaty already binding and in Force; and lastly, in agreeing to accept, and in Fact accepting, on the Part of the Company, a Sum of Money for renewing the same, has violated the Faith of foe Company, and degraded the English in the Eyes of India, by holding them forth as a Nation which refuses to acknowledge the undoubted Rights of Princes, or to maintain their own undoubted Guarantees, without being moved thereto by a- valuable Consideration: That in so doing the said Warren- Hastings has in Fact broken the

Treaty

68o Aprili A. 1787.

Articles of Treaty which he professes to have maintained, and has known by the Appellation of the Treaty of Chunar,

Impeach- thereby violated the Duties of the Trust reposed in whereby, among other Things, it was by the Third

ment against jjm Article of the said Treaty agreed between the said

r.Hastings. ^at by the Treaty of Llal Dang aforesaid, the JVarren Hastings and the said Vizier, that, as the said Nabob Vyzoola Khan did agree to retain in his Service Khan had, by his Breach of Treaty, forfeited

Five thousand Troops, and not a single Man more; the Protection of the English Government, and caused, farther than with whomsoever the Vizier should make by his Continuance in his present independent State, War, Fyzoola Khan did agree to send Two or Three great Alarm and Detriment to the said Vizier, he the thousand Men, according to his Ability, to join the said Vizier be permitted, when Time shall suit, to Forces of the Vizier; and that if the Vizier should resume the Lands of him the said Fyzoola,

march in Person, Fyzoola Khan should himself accom- meaning the Territories of and

pany him with his Troops. and the Districts and Country depending thereon, and

That it was not stipulated by the said Treaty what, secured to the said Fyzoola Khan by the Treaty of Llal and whether any Proportion of the said Troops should Dang, as aforesaid.

consist of Cavalry. That at or about the Time of executing the said

That the Resident Middleton was impowered to last mentioned Treaty the said Vizier did give, and guarantee, and did in Fact guarantee the Treaty of the said Hastings did receive, a large Sum of

Llal Dang aforesaid; but certain Doubts having oc- Money, amounting to One hundred thousand Pounds curred to Fyzoola Khan respecting the Guarantee of Sterling, or some other large Sum of Money, as a Middleton, the said Warren Hastings, in order to satisfy Consideration to him the said Warren Hastings for those Doubts, did, in or about the Month of May, in executing the Treaty of Chunar aforesaid, the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- That the said Warren Hastings, by making and exe-eight, propose to confirm, and did in Fact confirm, the cuting the Article aforesaid of the Treaty last aforesaid, said Treaty and Guarantee, as such Governor General did corruptly and treacherously break the Faith of the as aforesaid. Company, by surrendering their Guarantee, solemnly

That the said Warren Hastings, disregarding the pledged to the said Fyzoola Khan for the Preservation Pledge of his own private Honour, thus superadded and Security of the Treaty of Llal Dang, as herein-to the public Guarantee, and in direct Opposition as before set forth to have been entered into, well to the obvious Meaning and Intent of the said That at or about the Time of executing the said Treaty, as to his the said Warren Hastings's Opinion Treaty of Chunar as aforesaid, the said Warren Hastings thereof, he the said Warren Hastings did, on or about did, by a certain Paper Writing, communicated by the Month of November, in the Year One thousand him to the Members of the Supreme Council at -Seven hundred and Eighty, without any reasonable cutta, express his Reasons and Motives for entering Cause given for the same, the said Vizier not being into the said Third Article of the said Treaty, then at War, and a Body of the Cavalry of Fyzoola That the said Warren Hastings did in the said Paper Khan having been voluntarily granted, and being then set forth and declare, that the Conduct of Fyzoola actually serving under a British Officer, recommend Khan, in refusing the Aid demanded, though not an to the Vizier to require from Fyzoola Khan the Quota absolute Breach of Treaty, was evasive and uncandid; of Troops stipulated by Treaty to be furnished by the that the Demand was made for Five thousand Ca-said Fyzoola Khan for his (the Vizier’s) Service, and valry; that the Engagement in the Treaty was lite-did falsely set forth the same, contrary to the Letter rally Five thousand Horse and Foot; that Fyzoola and Spirit of the said Treaty, to amount to Five Khan could not be ignorant that they (meaning the thousand Horse. East India Company, or the Supreme Council afore-

That the said Warren Hastings did afterwards, viz', said) had no Occasion for any Succours of Infantry

on or about the Month of February, in the Year One from him, and that Cavalry would be of the most thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, desire the essential Service; that so scrupulous an Attention to said Vizier to demand Three thousand Horse from the literal Expression, when a more liberal Interpretation said Fyzoola Khan; and the Vizier did, in Obedience would have been highly useful and acceptable to them to the Desire of the said Warren Hastings, demand the (meaning the said Company, or Council) strongly same. marked the unfriendly Disposition of the said Fyzoola

That the said Warren Hastings well knew at the Khan, and though it might not impeach his Fidelity, Time, as well of directing the First as of enforcing it left him little Claim to any Exertions from them the last mentioned Demand, that he the said Fyzoola (meaning the said Company or Council) for the Con-Khan was not bound, by Treaty or otherwise, to furnish tinuance of his Jaghires; but that he, the said Warren the same, and that in Fact the said Fyzoola Khan Hastings, was of Opinion, that neither the Vizier’s or had not more than Two thousand Horse in his Service; the Company’s Interest would be promoted by de-by which said Acts herein last set forth the said Warren priving the said Fyzoola Khan of his Independency, Hastings did again break the Guarantee of the Company, that he had therefore reserved the Execution of the to the said Fyzoola Khan given as aforesaid, and did said Agreement (meaning the Third Article of the excite the said Vizier to Acts of Violence, and Breach said Treaty of Chunar) to an indefinite Term; that of Treaty against the said Fyzoola Khan. their Government (that is, the Government of the said

That the said Warren Hastings did, on or about the United Company) might always interpose to prevent any Month of June, in the Year One thousand Seven hun- ill Effects from it (that is, from the said Third Article died and Eighty-one, obtain for himself, from the of the said Treaty of .)

Council at Calcutta, by his own casting Voice, certain That the said Warren Hastings, soon after the Con-illegal Powers, by which he the said Warren Hastings elusion of the said Treaty of and the Decla-

was, contrary to Law, vested with the whole and ration last aforesaid, viz', on or about the Month of entire Authority of the Supreme Council, and au- March, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and thorized to proceed to the Country of Oude, under Eighty-two, did give Instructions to the said Natha-Pretence of meeting the Vizier, in order to regu- niel Middleton to act in Conformity to the aforesaid late the Government of Oude, and the Dependencies Declaration, and to prevent the Vizier from resuming thereof. the Jaghire of the said Fyzoola as aforesaid.

That the said Warren Hastings did, on the Nine- That the said Warren Hastings was thus, on the one teenth of September One thousand Seven hundred and i Hand, by making and executing the Treaty of Chunarf Eighty-one, at the Fort of Chunar, in the said Province guilty of a Breach ot Faith solemnly pledged to Fy-of Oude, make and execute a certain Treaty, since zoola Khan by the Guarantee of the Treaty of Llal

Dang,

ay Geo. III.

250 Apr

Dang, and, on the other Hand, by his Declaration and Instructions respecting the same, was guilty of Duplicity^ Evasion, and Deceit to the Vizier; and thus, by disregarding all the Principles upon which Treaties between Nations and Powers ought to rest, did place the East India Company in such a Situation, that it was impossible for the said Company to itcep Faith with the one Party, without breaking with the other.

That afterwards, on or about the Month of December One thousand seven hundred and Eighty-one, the said Warren Hastings did cause Sir ElijahImpey, His Majesty’s Chief Justice at Fort Williamin Bengal, to

signify to the Resident, Middleton, that it was the Desire of him the said Warren Hastings, that the said Middleton should demand a Subsidy or Sum of Money the very Time he required the Demand to be made, that from the said Fysoola Khan — That the said Fyzoola he the said Fyzoola Khan was not bound, by Treaty or

Khan was not bound, by Treaty or otherwise, to pay otherwise, to supply. '

from the said fyzoola Khan, which he the said Fyzoola Articles nf,-Khan was not bound to supply, by Treaty or other- IraPeach".

wjse rrjj merit against

That the said Bristow did, soon after his Appoint* nrient as aforesaid, with the Approbation of the said Warren Hastings, publicly depute the said to

got o Rumporeaforesaid, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution die unjust and arbitrary Plans of the said Warren Hastings respecting the said Fyzoola Khan.

That the said Palmer, being particularly directed by the said Warren Hastings and Bristoiv, did, soon after his Appointment last aforesaid, endeavour to obtain front the said Fyzoola Khan a Supply of Money, which the said Warren Hastings acknowledged and declared, at

any Subsidy: That the said Impey did signify the said Demand for a Subsidy to Middleton as aforesaid ;-and the said Middleton did demand the same from the said Fyzoola Khan.

That afterwards, viz', on divers Days and Times in

the Months of February, March, and April, Qpe thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, the said Middle-

ton did propose to exact and require from the said Fyzoola Khan the Cession of his Jaghire aforesaid, pursuant to the Treaty of Chimar, contrary as well to the Treaty of Llal Dang, guaranteed by the Company as aforesaid, as to the declared Intention and Instructions . of the said Warren Hastings as aforesaid; and the said Jaghire was in Fact demanded to be ceded by the said Middleton.

1 That the said Warren Hastings did, net only by en- Persons employed in the Cultivation of the Ground of tering into the Third Article of the Treaty of Chunar the Vizier, to whom the said Warren Hastings asserted aforesaid, render the said Fyzoola Khan liable to such that the said Fyzoola Khan had given Protection and contradictory Demands, to the great Disquietude and Service, and to demand the Surrender of the said Injury of the said Fyzoola K/ian, and Disgrace of the Ryots — That in Fact the said Fyzoola Khan had not at British Name, but did not then, nor has he since, any Time given Protection or Service to such Ryots as

That the said Warren Hastings did, in case of a Refusal of such Subsidy^ command the said Palmer to demand and fix the Number of Horse that he the said fyzoola Khan should furnish, and did ascertain the Rata or Number to be Two thousand Five hundred; that the said Fysoola Khan was not bound, by Treaty or otherwise, to furnish such a Number of Horse; and he the said Warren Hastings well knew, at the Time he gave such Ordet-s; that the said Fyzoola not such a

Number of Horse in his Service.

That the said Warren Hastings did, oh or about the

Time last aforesaid, instructand command the said Palmer to demand from the said Fyzoola Khan an Annual Tribute^ or a Sum of Money from the said Fyzoola Khan, in Compensation for the Service of certain Ryots, or

aforesaid.

That the said Palmer, under the Authority aforesaid, did, on or about the Month of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, exact from

disapproved of the said Middleton for his Conduct therein.

That the said Warren Hastings did, on the Sixth of May One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, by a private Commission and Appointment, and of his private the said Fyzoola Khan a Promise to pay a large Sum of Authority, nominate W"1 Palmer, Esquire, a Major in Money, amounting to Fifteen Lacks of'Rupees, equal the Service of the United Company aforesaid, a con- in Value to One hundred and Fifty-thousand Pounds fidential Friend of the said Warren Hastings, to repair Sterling, and upwards, or some other large Sum of to Rumpore aforesaid, with Powers to act with the said Money, although the said Fyzoola Khan was not bound, Fyzoola Khan as private Agent of the said Hastings. — by Treaty or otherwise, to the Payment of that or any That the said Palmer was, by the said Warren Hast- other Sum.

ings, charged with secret Instructions respecting the That the said Exaction was made under the Pretenca Adairs of the said Fyzoola Khan, verbally communicated of settling certain Doubts between the said Vizier and by the said Warren Hastings to the said Palmer: That the said Fyzoola , respecting the Troops with which by such criminal Concealment, and secret Appointment, he, the said Fyzoola Khan, was bound to supply the said the said Warren Hastings acted contrary to the Duties Vizier. — Which Doubts were created and raised by the

of his Station.

That on or about the Month of August One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, the said Middleton did demand from the said Fyzoola Khan a Force to be made stationary at Lucknow, in the Province of,

to the furnishing of which, or any other stationary Force, the said Fyzoola Khan was not bound, by Treaty or otherwise.

That the said Warren Hastings, having removed the said Middleton from the Residence of Lucknow, in the Province of Oude, as aforesaid, did, in the Month of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, appoint John Bristou\ Esquire, Resident in his Place,

with full Power and Authority to discharge the Duties of the same.

That the said Bristow did, soon after his Appointment, endeavour to procure, through a certain Person called ul/i/l' Khan, Vakiel or Ambassador of Fy-zoo/u Khan.:to the.Court of Luc!maw, a pecuniary Aid Vo l. 42.

faithless Conduct of the said Warren Hastings, herein-: before set forth.

That it was particularly stipulated between the said Palmer and the said Fyzoola Khan, that the said Sum of Money was to be paid by certain fixed periodical Payments.

That the said Warren Hastings, not regarding this last mentioned Stipulation, thus solemnly entered into by the said Painter, under the Authority of him the said Hastings, did, in or about the Month of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, require the said Fyzoola Khan to pay the whole Amount that then remained due, and the said Fyzoola Khan did in Fact pay the same.

By all which Acts and Deeds, hereinbefore set forth, to have been done and perpetrated by the said Warren Hastings, whilst President and Governor General, he the said Warren Hastings did, by a Violation of the most sacred Ties of Honour and Conscience, scanda-

8 L lously

6U

a 50 Apr tits.

.1787,

Aiibek* of toasly betmy Mb Trust; whereby a solenra Treaty and rity from the add Company to incur the same; and of Imjwoent- GuevaMee was broken, the Mind and Government of which said Ex peaces the said Warren Hastings has not MclH U^!oIl l^e Nabob Fyzoola Khan alarmed and distressed, and produced any sufficient Voucher or Account to the said *'"*' his Treasurfe unjustly extorted; the Honour of the Company.

British Nation (renowned for a faithful Adherence to That the said Warren Hastings did, oil divers Days Engagements) basely prostituted and degraded; and the and Times, in the Years One thousand Seven hundred English Power in India fundamentally shaken: And and Eighty, and One thousand Seven hundred add Eighty-therefore the said Warren Hastings was, and is, guilty of one, take and receive from (fivers Persons, known and High Crimes and Misdemeanors; unknown, several large Sums of Money, Amounting to

Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling and Upwards, or A HI IC LE SIXTH. some other large Sum of Money, as Gifts or Presents-to

That great Extortion and Corruption had beta him the said Warren Hastings, practised by the Servants of the East India Company, That the said Warren Hastings did, on or before the under the Pretence of receiving Presents from the Twenty-sixth Day of June, in the Year One thousand Indian Princes or Powers, their Ministers and Agents, Seven hundred and Eighty, at , in Bengal,

or others. corruptly and illegally receive and take from one

That the receiving such Presents is illegal and criminal; the Buxey or Treasurer of Chat Sing, Ra-

injurious to the Interests of the Natives of India; destruc- jah of Benares, the Sum of Two Lacks of Rupees, live of the Welfare of the Company, and dishonourable equal in Value to Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, to the English Nation. or some other large Sum of Money, as a Present and

That the East India Company had endeavoured to Gift restrain such Practice, by obliging the Servants (as well That the said Warren Hastings did, on or about the those Who were invested with the higher Offices, as those Month of October, in the Year One thousand Seven in a more subordinate Situation) to enter into Covenants, hundred and Eighty, take and receive from a certain obliging themselves not tb receive Presents as afore- Person called (since appointed, by the said

aid. Warren Hastings, Renter of the Province of Bahar) on

That the said Warren Hastings did in Fact enter into Behalf of himself the said Killeram, and a certain Per-such Covenants. son called Cullian Sing, a Sum of Money amounting to

That She British Legislature did, by an Act of the Four Lacks of Rupees, equal in Value to Forty thou-Thirteeoth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, sand Pounds Sterling, or some other large Sum of strictly prohibit the receiving Presents by the Servants of Money, or an Obligation or Security for the same, the East India Company, on any Pretence or Account In Consideration of which, the said Warren Hastings whatsoever. did, contrary to his Duty, and to the great Injury of

That a great Salary, amounting to Twenty-five the Interests of the said East India Company, and the thousand Pounds a Year, and other great and consi- British Nation, let certain Lands, in the Province of derable Emoluments, were provided for the Office of Bahar, in perpetuity to Killeram and Cullian Sing, or President and Governor General, as well by the East one of them.

India Company, as by the Act of Parliament afore- That Asaph ul Dawlah, Nabob of Oude, or Vizier of said: Aral that the said Warren Hastings did in Fact the Empire, was, in the Month of February, in the Year receive the said Salary, and enjoy the said Emolu- One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and from merits. that Time until the Period herein after next mentioned,

That tha said Warren Hastings did well understand in a State of great pecuniary Distress and Embarrass-the Receipt of such Presents to be prohibited, illegal, ment; that the Condition of the finances of the said and criminal. Vizier was well known to tha said Warren Hastings,

' Yet the said Warren Hastings, not contented with as well at the Time hereinbefore mentioned, as at foe foe large Profit and Gain to him arising from the Period herein after next set forth; and that foe said Salary and Emoluments annexed to the said Office of Vizier was, at these Times, greatly indebted to the East President and Governor General, did on divers Days India Company.

-and Times, both before and since foe passing of the Act That on or about the Month of September One of Parliament above-mentioned, and whilst he con- thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, at Chunar, formed such President and Governor General as afore- in the Province of Oude, the said Warren did,

aid,' corruptly, illegally, and criminally, taka and contrary to his Duty, and to the great Distress and accept of divers large Sums of Moaey, as Presents, additional Embarrassment of the said Vizier, take and Gifts, Donations, Gratuities, or Rewards, in Viola- receive, as a Present or Gift, from him the said Vizier, tioti of the Duties of his Office, in Defiance of the the Sum of Ten Lacks of Rupees, equal in Value to Act of Parliament above-mentioned, and in direct One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other Contradiction to, his Understanding respecting the large Sum of Money.

same. That the said Warren Hastings did, some Time in

Particularly, that some Time in the Year One thou- the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-sand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, at Calcutta, in one, receive and take, as a Present or Gift, from a Bengal, the said Warren Hastings did first fraudulently certain Person called Nundoolnl, the Sum of Fifty-eight solicit as a Loan, and afterwards corruptly and illegally thousand Rupees, equal in Value to Five thousand take and retain is a Present or Gift, from a certain Per- Pounds Sterling and upwards, or some other large Sum son called Rajah Nobkissin, a Sum of Money, amounting of Money.

to Thirty-four thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other That the said Warren Hastitigs did, at different Days large Spin of Money. and Times between the First Day of October One thou-

That the said Warren Hastings did, without any Al- sand Seven hundred and Seventy-two and the First Ipwance or Permission then or since had or obtained Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and from the Directors of the East India Company, or any Seventy-four, corruptly, illegally, and arbitrarily ex-Person or Persons authorized or impowered to grant tort and receive, by the Means of Cantoo Baboo, his such Allowance or Permission, apply the same to his Banyan or Servant, and others, from a certain Person own Use, under Pretence of discharging certain Ex- called Raima Bowarmee, Zemindar of Radshahy, peaces said to be incurred by turn the said Warren divers Sums of Mooey, amounting to Four Lacks Hastings, in his public Capacity, without any Autho- Forty thousand and One Rupees, equal in Value to

Z Forty

.27 Geo. III.

250 Apr.

6^83

Forty thousand Pounds Sterling and upwards, or some other lar^e Sum of Money.

That the Supreme Council of Calcutta did, on divers Days und Times, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-tive, legally and regularly meet That the said Warren Hastings was, at the Times aforesaid, charged with the said last-tdentioned Receipt of Money, and with various unjustifiable Transactions respecting the same. That the said Receipts and Transactions were regularly proved upon Oath before the said Council. That the said Warren Hastings did neither at that Time attempt to discredit the Testimony 'so given against him, or to oppose the same by Evidence, nor has he since taken any Measure to dear himself from the said Charge, or explain the Nature of the said Transaction.

That the said Warren Hastings did, at different Days and Times between the Fiist l)fty of October in the "Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, and the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year one thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, corruptly and illegally take, accept, and receive, from one Rajah Nuncomar, a native Hinhigh in Office in the ^Country Government in Ior from some other Person or Persons, divers Sums of Money, amounting together to Three Lacks Fifty-four thousand One hundred and Five Rupees, being equal in Value to Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other huge Sum of Money, as a Consideration or Bribe for the Disposal of, and Appointment to, certain Offices in the Gift of him the said Warren , being such

President as aforesaid; particularly, for procuring Rajah Goordass, Son of the said , the Appointment of Nrabut, or Head of (he Finances of Bengal, and causing Atunny Begum, Widow of Mdr

Jaffier, some Time Nabob of Bengal, to be Superior of the Family, meaning the Family Of Mobarick ul

Dacota, Nabob of Bengal, Seventy-five thousand and Four Rupees, being equal in Value to Eight thousand Pounds Sterling and upwards, or some other large Sum of Money; and the further Sums of Twenty-four thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-eight Rupees, Three thousand One hundred and Two Rupees, and One thousand Rupees, being togiether equal to Three thousand Pounds Sterling and upwards, or some other large Sum of Money. Further, for constituting and appointing the said MunnyBegum Superior of the Fa*

mily of the said Nabob Mobarick ul and taking

away the Superiority thereof from Baboo Begum, Mother of the said Nabob, One Lack of Rupees, being equal in Value to Ten thousand Pounds Sterling and upwards, or some other large Sum of Money. Further, from the said Mutiny Begum, by a Payment to one Nurr Sing, Brother of Cantoo Baboo, Banyan or Servant of the said Warren Hastings, at the Desire of him the said Warren Hastings, One Lack and Fifty thousand Rupees, equal in Value to Fifteen thousand Pounds Sterling and upwards, or some other large Sum of Money.

That the Court of Directors aforesaid did, by a Letter bearing Date the Twenty-eighth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, inform the said Warren Hustings that they were folly sensible of the Expediency of supporting some ostensible Minister in the Company’s Interest at the Nabob’s Court (meaning the Court of Mobarick ul Dowla aforesaid) to transact the political Affairs of the Circar or Government, and they trusted to the local Knowledge of him the said Warren Hastings the Selection of some Person well qualified for the Affairs of Government, to succeed Mahomed Khan, as Minister of the Government, and Guardiau of the Nabob’s Minority.

That the said Mutiny Bcgwn had been originally in a low and degraded Condition, without Education, unacquainted with the Affairs of Government, and Vot.42

then lived secluded in a Zenana, and retired from the Articles of World, whereby the said Munny Begum was totally un- Impeach-quatified for discharging the Duties of Guardian to the m««»t against said Nabob, and for governing his Dominions; so r‘ " * that the said Warren Hastings, by the Appointment of the said Mutiny Begum as aforesaid, not only acted corruptly and illegally in receiving the aforesaid Sums of Money, but added to the Criminality thereof, by violating the express Orders of the said Court of Directors, to the great and manifest Prejudice of the Rights and Interest of the said United Company and this Nation.

That the said Warren Hastings did, some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, grant to one Khan Jehan Cqwn, foe Office of Pbousdar, or Chief Criminal Magistrate of ip

the Province of Bahar, a Place of great Trust and Profit.

That a Salary of Seventy-two thousand Sicca Rupees a Year was annexed to the said Office. That it wap corruptly and illegally agreed between the said Khan Jehan (Sawn and the said Warren , that the said Khan Jehan Cawnshould Annually give foe Sutp of Thirty-six thousand Rupees for himself foe said Warren Hastings, and Four thousand Rupees for one Cantoo Baboo, his Banyan or Servant, out of the said Sum of Seventy-two thousand Rupees settled on the Office of Phousaar of Hughly as aforesaid; and that the said Warren Hastings did corruptly and illegally tab^ receive, and accept as aforesaid foe said Sum of Thirty-six- thousand Rupees for himself, and pour thousand Rupees to Cantoo Baboo, his Banyan or Servant, oqt of foe said Salary so annexed to the said Office as aforesaid.

That foe Supreme Council of Calcutta did, on the Thirtieth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, legally and regularly meet; that the Majority of the said Council did charge the said Warren Hastings with the Receipts aforesaid; that foe said Warren Hastings did not reply to the Charge so made against him, but did arbitrarily and illegally attempt to dissolve foe said Meeting of Council, regularly and legally met as aforesaid, and did on that Day, and diyers other Days and Times, illegally and violently attempt to prevent, and did prevent, foe said Khm Jehan Cam, and other Persons,. from riving their Testimony on Oath before the said Council respecting the Transactions aforesaid, whereby the said Warren Hastings violated his Duty as Governor General, and acted in Defiance of foe Act of Parliament aforesaid.

— -And further, the said Warren Hastings, whilst he continued President and Governor General as aforesaid, did illegally and corruptly make, ordain, and appoint divers other Persons to divers other Offices, for Gift and Brocage, and did corruptly, illegally, and extorsively receive and accept from the said Persons divers great Sums of Money, in Consideration of their Appointment to such Offices, both before and after their Admission thereto; and did at divers other Days and Times, without any such Consideration, take and receive divers Gifts, Presents, Donations, Gratuities, and Rewards.

By all, each, and every foe Receipt and Receipts of Money aforesaid, as well those for which he has accounted, or pretended to account, as those which he has concealed and kept secret, and all and each his Actions, Declarations, and Writings respecting the same, be the said Warren Hastings has grossly violated foe Duties of his Station; subverted good Government; shewn an evil Example to the Servants of the Bast India Company; been guilty of Corruption, Peculation, and Extortion; ami acted in direct Defiance of an Act of Parliament; and thereby was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors,

Ordered

<584

45 — a6® Aprilis.

A. 1787.

Ways and Means deferred.

Ordertdi That the said Report be taken into further Consideration ujton Tomorrow Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Counsel for- The Order, made this Day, for the further Hearing the r beard on of Counsel Upon the Bill for confirming the Purchase St. George, ' "'

Hanover Square,

Workhodee Bill

Bill coos-mitted.

of a House situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, after the House should have

proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses in Support of the Petitions against the said Bill, and wept through their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill against the said Petitions.

And one of the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

sions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England;and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that the shortening the Term, or lessening the ' Number, of Weekly Accounts, from of upon which the Average Prices of Corn or Grain are, by the said recited Act, directed to be formed and computed, as proposed by the 9aid Bill; would, in a great Measure, put a Stop to the Importation of Foreign Oats, and be a Means of greatly enhancing the Price of Oats within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of Middlesex, to the very great Injury of the Petitioners, and of the Public; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them* selves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as shall appear to be injurious to them, and may havd such Relief as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the! Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the.Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered \Piat it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they dp admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, i® Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Teller, fcrlbe Yeu, /j£,) «'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Marsham, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr, ff,e Montagu: have irgrtrd

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ap Lander Road Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made Bill, hi the Sixth. Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to The; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord* vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford, PasseJ Northampton, Essex, Middlesex, and Cambridge, de- ,

vised by the Will of Theophilus Dillingham, Esquire, deceased, in Dillingham Brampton Dillingham,

Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate^ of greater Value, in the County of Norfolk, to the same Uses as the devised Estates now stand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

on Pi

And then the Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Praters.

Petition A PETITION of several Innholdert, against Com fx. masters, and Livery Stable Keepers, whose B*,fu Uoa Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of selves and others, Consumers of Oats within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertain-

tt 1 v__/-_____________ 1

House adjourned till Tommorrow’ Sir James Johnstone presented to the House, accord.- Damfriet

ing to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending several Tw0 Acts, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of "

" King George the Second, and the Second Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunifries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and j

exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for '

paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Places within the said Town, and widening the Streets where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein: And the same was '

received; and read the First Time.

Jovis, die

Anno 27* Georgii III. U Regis,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

------ ---- __e_____,ft___________ Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Iftantetev

ing the Importation. and Exportation of Com and the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are " Grain within several Ports and Places therein men- thereunto. subscribed, being Trustees under an Act,

tioned," and for extending the Powers and Provi- pasted in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present

27 Geo. III.

.26° Apr.

685

' r

sr

i.

Ashbornft Road Petition reports *4

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from High " Bridges, in the County of ,to Uttoxeter, and

c* from Spath to Hanging Br, and from " Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County," was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Air. Thomas Higgetts being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in amending the Two Districts of Road comprized in the Act; in doing which a considerable Debt has been incurred, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road properly amended and kept iu Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relate to the said Two Districts, be continued, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tetvnall's Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said

County, so far as the same relates to the Two Districts of Road therein described: And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir Echoard Ly tile ton, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to " all Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon " ton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and " Stafford," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Apr 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Fouler being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed on the Credit thereof the Sum of £4,510, which now remains due; and that the same cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Geot'ge the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from, Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 42.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Bitteswell 10m the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open j" *ure and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, in the 1 ref>orte

Parish of Bitleswell, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Yard Land and 22 Sixteenths, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Three Yard Lands and 22 Sixteenths, and One Cow. Common, who made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Proprietor of 7 Leys of odd Lands, and the Proprietors of One Cow Common, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Property which is the Subject of the Inclosure is Fifty-one Yard Lands and 8 Sixteenths — 19 Deys of odd Lands — 2 Lammas Closes — 4 Cottages — 3 Horse Commons — 20 Cow Commons, and 36 Sheep Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Reading varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Eighth Year of Ro*<isBiU His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning. passe and altering the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping I Ty combe, desham, and Cheynes, in the County of , and Rickman-worth, JVatford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham ,to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from to

Reading,w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from R, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxf ord, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Watford, and Saint Albans, to Half eld, in the County of Hertford;and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through By sham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, Camberwell to whom the Bill for better lighting and watching the Bnd

Village of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, and g^^port-certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near f<j. thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to

8 M the

<586

a6° Aprilis.

A. 1787.

the House; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Kill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petitions in A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other HuUDoL Inhabitants of the City of And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and other Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of York: And also.

BUI.

which it appeared. That by virtue of, and under divers Charters, recognized and confirmed by several Acts of Parliament, the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, have bad and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for die Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about the Water of Thames (that is to say) from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and towards the East unto London " Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called Kendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise Yen-leet, towards the Sea, and East, and in and

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon Inhabitants of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon York; every Wharf of the same Water or Thames, within the

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about Taking Notice of the Bill for the enlarging and all and every of them, and also, for all the Time afore* extending the Bason or Dock at Kingston upon said, have bad and taken, and ought and have accus* Hull, for the making additional Works there, tomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time bc-Lands belonging to the Dock Company at ing, during the Time of his Mayorality, or his sufficient Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits be* arising therefrom, for limiting the Profits of longing to the said Office. And,

the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, Mr. Barbe, a Merchant and Ship Owner,

being examined, said, That his late Situation in Life, as Hoy-Taker to the Victualling Office, had obliged him to be constantly upon the River Thames — -That in the Course of his Business he had made many Observations on the State of the Navigation in the Pool,

" the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues and particularly among the Colliers — That from the H of Customs, and for the Benefit of Com- increased Navigation on the River, and the Want of " merce in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, for proper Regulations in the Mooring and Stationing of u making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, ships and Vessels in the Port of , numberless

Sluices, Roads, and other Works for the Inconveniences arise, and great Losses of Property u Accommodation of Vessels using the said are frequently sustained by the Merchants and Ship Port, and for appropriating certain Lands Owners — That within his own Knowledge Five or 41 belonging to His Majesty, and for applying Six Sail of Ships have been lost, at a Place called certain Sums of Money out of His Ala- Pitchers , by Reason of the Want of such Regu-H jesty's Customs at the said Port for those lations, and that all of them, except one, were within Purposes, and for establishing other neces- the last Seven Years, which one was a Vessel from sary Regulations within the Town and Port of Leghorn, the Cargo of which was valued at £.200,000 u Kingston upon Hull" and for rendering the - — That other Ships have grounded upon the An-said Act more effectual: And praying, That chors of Colliers, and hi consequence thereof have the said Bill may pass into a Law. been sunk; one of them, a Vessel bound to the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered terranean with a Cargo worth £.40,000 — That he has to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be sometimes known the Navigation about that Part of

read a Second Time. the River so obstructed by the irregular Manner in which Ships were stationed, that he could not pass Bill for as- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill even in a Wherry — That he was of Opinion these Ac-

certaining for the better ascertaining of the Persons qualified to cidents might be prevented, and the Inconveniences

iiZTtovote v0*e at County Elections; And that ^r- Wilberforce.,now universally complained of be remedied, and the

at County Mr. Buncombe, and Mr. Pkelips, do prepare, and Navigation of the River be rendered perfectly safe

and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public w Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for

U

and commodious, if proper Regulations for the Mooring and lying of Ships and Vessels in the Port were established and properly enforced.

And being further examined, he said, That there are constant Complaints of Robberies, Outrages,

Elections, or- bring in the same,

dered.

Petition for Mr. Alderman JVatson reported from the Commit-

reguMing £ge, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aider-Scc. of Ves-8’ men> ai)d Commons of the City of London in Common eels in the Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee Depredations, and Misdemeanors being committed in Port of Ix>n- had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and within the Port of ,* that such Corn-

Won, reported. hacf directed him to report the same, as it appeared to plaints are, to his own Know ledge, frequently well them, to the House; and he read the Report in his founded, he having met with many Losses himself — Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's That he was of Opinion those Evils might be pre-Table: Where the same w'as read; and is as followeth; vented, and Safety and Security afforded to the Lives viz. and Property of Persons employed and interested in

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An the Navigation and Trade of the Port, if a Nightly Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Watch, under proper Regulations, were established Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act more effectually and maintained.

" to improve and complete the Navigation of the Captain Alexander Stupart, Surveyor of Shipping to " River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the the Underwriters and to the Assurance Companies of " Liberties of the City of London, and to prevent any being then examined, said, That his Business

" Vessel or Barge from being moored in Taplow Mitt occasioned his being at least Three Days every Week " Stream, in the County of Buckswas read; by upon the River, and frequently more — That he knew

the

4

7 Geo. III. ad°

587

the several Facts stated by the foregoing Witness to be true, and entirely concurred with him in Opinion.

Philip TVyatt Cr&wtker, Esquire, Solicitor to the City, being then examined, said. That the Right of placing, removing, and using Mooring Chains within the Port of London, between London Bridge and Bugby's Hole, is at present vested in Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, by virtue of a Grant from the Crown, for a Term of Years — That the City of London are advised nd understand, and that he believes it to be so, that in order to give full Effect to the Regulations necessary to remedy the Evils before stated respecting the lying And Mooring of Ships, it is essentially necessary that they should be possessed of the Rights and Privileges now held by the said Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, by virtue of the said Grant — That the Lord Mayor of London being as such Conservator of the River, the vesting the City with the above-mentioned Rights find Privileges, will tend to completely enable them to effect every Purpose that can be requisite for the Security and Accommodation of the Navigation within the Port of London; that, therefore, it is highly requisite that the whole Right of placing and using the Mooring Chains should be obtained and vested in the City of London, for the Use and Advantage of the Public. — And he also said, That he was of Opinion that the Conservatorial Powers now vested in the City are not sufficiently effectual to remedy the Inconveniences Complained of.

Joseph Bushnan, Esquire, Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of London, being examined, said. That he apprehended a very considerable Sum of Money would be required to effect and carry into Execution the several Objects and Purposes enumerated in the Petition; and that he apprehends, and is of Opinion, that a small Tax or Tonnage on the Ships and Vessels, or their Freight, or both, entering the Port of Lcmdort, will produce the Fund required, in the most equitable fend proper Wav.

Mr. St.Barbc and Captain being again examined, confirmed the Whole of the above Evidence given by Mr. Bush nan.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, to purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, between London Bridge and Bugby Hole, together with the Right of renewing and removing the same, and putting down others -, for regulating the lying and Mooring of Ships and Vessels; and for establishing a Nightly Watch within certain Parts of the Port of London: And that Mr. Alderman Watson and Mr. Alderman Newnham do prepare, and bring hr, the same.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Wheat, Bar- Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; ley,a*d Malt, wa3 ca]led in; and, at the Bar, presented to the tePl House, pursuant to their Orders, lyramed. An Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported from the County of Norfolk, from the Year 1780 to 1786 inclusive, to what Port or Place, and the Bounty paid thereon; also, an Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, sent Coastwise from the said County, and to what Port or Place, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each Year, and from what Port or Place within the said County the same was exported or sent Coastwise; likewise, an Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Barley imported into the said County, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon in each Year, and into what Port or Place within the said County the same was imported: And also,

An Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, ex-Vo l.42.

ported from the Pert bf ffiisbech, in die Coilnty of Cambridge, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, to what Port or Place, and the Bounty paid thereon; alsoy fin Account of fill Wheat, Barley, and Malt, sent Coastwise from the said Port, and to what Port or Place, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each Year; likewise, an Account of the Quantity rtf Wheat and Barley imported into the said Port, from thfe Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grab, and the Duty paid thereon in euch Year: And also,

An Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported from the Counties of Suffolk find Essex, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, to what Port or Place, and the Bounty paid thereon; also, an Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, sent Coastwise from the said Counties, and to what Port or Place, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each Year, and from what Port or Place within the said Counties the same wa9 exported or sent Coastwise; likewise, fin Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Barley imported into the said Counties, ftoiti the Yeas 1780 to 1786, inclusive, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon, in each Year, arrd into what Port or Pidoe within the said Countiek the 9eme was imported.

And then Ire withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts Were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, find rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and " Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Franklin, from Estimate the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the presented. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,- pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Produce of Net Produce of the Revenoe of Customs in England Custom*, for Two Years, to the 5th of January 1787, and the Payments into the Exchequer: And also,

An Account of the Sums of Money doe by the Money due East India Company for Customs, the Payment of by the East which was respited by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and which have been pan^ or paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, between the 5th of April 1786 and the 5th of April 1787; specifying the Time when such Payments were made.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Power to better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds Co'u.nu"®® within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, chacehill in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, is committed, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Molesmrtht Accounts from the Office of the Paymaster General of His presented.

Majesty g

1

688

16* Apr

A. 1787.

Monies paid, &c. on Account of Troops in India.

Majesty’s Forces, attended at the Door; he was called £.522, were duly made; but the Witness said, the in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Petitioner being confined with Sickness to his Bed, and to their Orders, afterwards becoming delirious, and totally incapable of

An Account of Monies paid by the East India Com- transacting any Business, the Fourth Payment due pany, on Account of Pay of His Majesty’s Troops serving thereon, of f 232, was therefore omitted to be made, in India, from the 25th of June 1781, according to the the Circumstance of his having any such Stock not latest Accounts received from the Deputy Paymaster, being known by any of the Petitioner’s Family or there: And also, Friends, until the Time for the further Payments upon

An Account of the Monies to be paid by the East India the said Stock was elapsed, and the Accounts at the Company for His Majesty’s Troops serving in India, Bank closed.

from the 25th of June 1781 to the 24th of December 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Member added to bring in Sari* den, &c. Inclosure Bill.

And the Witness further said, That the Petitioner presented a Memorial to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for Relief in the Premises, which was referred to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; who reported, that the Three Payments, amounting to 522,

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other had been duly made upon the said £. 2,000. — But the Papers of this Session. Witness added, That their Lordships were pleased to

reject the said Memorial, the Whole of the Money Ordered, That Captain Fanshawe be added to the subscribed having become forfeited to the Public by the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Re‘£n, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of

Denys Rolle, Esquire, Lord of the Manors of Churchill, Lyneham, Merriscourt, and Finescourt, in the County of Oxford, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, Tythes, Rights of

for establishing a

Money by Way of Annuities, and Lottery."

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Saroden, &c. Inclosure Bill presented.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Indemnity Common, or other Rights and Properties within the Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Bill presaid Manors. to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who Captain Fanshawe presented to the House, according, have omitted to register or deliver in their Quali-to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common fixations within the Time limited by Law, and for Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Com- giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or,

mon Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, Merriscourt, and Finescourt, in the Parish of Shipton under

Whichwood, in the County of Oxford: And the same having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and was received; and read the First Time. ! nn: - J 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

.HO

'll

iied

Promissory Motes Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange; under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jenlin- Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the r." rted!'1*00 Petition of Dadd Jenkin of Charing Cross, in the l*>or County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foilowethviz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. David Jenkinson, Son to the Petitioner, being examined, informed your Committee, That his Father subscribed towards the Loan of the Year 1784, and received j£, 7,000 Omnium, the Payments upon which were duly made, and the Stock disposed of to other Persons, excepting £. 2,000 Three per Cent. Annuities, Part of the said Omnium.

And he produced Two Receipts, signed by the proper Officers of the Bank, whereby it appeared that the Three First Payments upon the said £. 2,000, amounting to

for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Scotch Josti-Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ciary Bill intituled, "An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the committed.

" Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ts ID

-I

kii

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s.Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same: And the same was received.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now' read the First Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

the Yeas, fMr‘ Jlo//e>

Bill for Farm* ing Duties oo Post Horae* presented

J76.

Tellers for the Noes,

39-

Tellers for me 1 eas, |Mf.

{'Mr.. G?'ey, \

Mr.JolliJfi:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

Resolved,

27 Geo. III.

a6" — 27°

689

Amrant of Hones exported, ordered.

Bmrlev Hoed Bill presented.

Lord Chol-nwodeley's iis'.aie Hill committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 27° die;

Anno 27* Georgii III*41 Regis, 17S7. Prayers.

ORDERED, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Horses exported from Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1780 to the 5th of January 1787; distinguishing each Year, and the Ports from whence, and the Countries to which, the same have been exported.

Sir James Pennyman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beroerley by Molseroft to Kenddl House, and from Molseroft to Bain Balk, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An engrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, in the County of Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, iu lieu thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Townsend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mtions in favour of Hull Docks till.

A Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and other Inhabitants of the Towns of Newcastle upon Tyne, North and South Shields, and Places adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen of the Town of Bcccrleu, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the enlarging and extending the Bason or Dock at Kingston upon Hull, for the making additional Works there, for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money arising therefrom, for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce, in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Bason or Dock, with Vol. 42.

u

" Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works " for the Accommodation of Vessels using the " said Port, and for appropriating certain " Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for " applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those " Purposes, and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port " of Kingston upon Hull,"and for rendering the said Act more effectual: And praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for varying and extending the Bill for vary Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth u!gt.1>ovfers and Clyde Navigation, was read the Third Time. Clyde Com-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title pauv passed be. An Act for varying and extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Navigation.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hunger ford’s for vesting the Tythes and Estate at , in the Estate Bill

County of Northampton, belosging to Jesus Hospital, committed, in the same County, in John Peach Esquire,

for his Life, with Remainders over, and for settling a Rent Charge out of the said Estate, and other Hereditaments of the said John Peach , at Orton

aforesaid, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead* Berwick ing from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ay ton Boad Bill Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pass of commiUed’ Cockburnspath, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower in the County of Berwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Kirkbvmal,-Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of - 2e*rd Inclo-malzeard, in the County of York, was read a Second sxm Rl1’ .

J commuted.

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Wilbirforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to Barrow In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several clt»sure Bill Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- preseD e< ’ mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of upon Trent, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to Ashborne Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an RoUl1 Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present paM"t Majesty King George the Third, lor repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Ycxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tuthuin the Counties

S N of

i;

690

27° Apr

A. 1787,

of Derby and Stafford:And the same >vas received; Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said

I*}>ers relative to HiiU Hirbour ordered.

end read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Dill be read a Second Time.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, a Minute of the Declaration of the Lords of the Treasury to Mr. William Hammond, dated in April, May, or! June, 17 73, stating the Offer of their Lordships of

£. 10,000, and the Military Works called the Walls and Ditches, provided the Inhabitants of Kingston

Act, and have laid out a considerable Sum of Money in the Repairs of the said Road, whereby a considerable Debt has been contracted, which is now due, and cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged.

And being further examined, he said, That there is due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls

now

upon Hull would engage to make a legal Quay, toge- granted by the said Act the Sum of 2,000, over

ther with a Wet Dock or Bason, at that Port. and above the Sum of £. 639, advanced by the Witness

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a upon the Credit of the Tolls collected on a Part of the

Memorial, presented in April 1774, to the Right said Roads called The North District.

honourable the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury, by Mr. John Hopkins and Mr. Simon Wing confirmed the Merchants and principal Inhabitants of Kingston the former Part of Mr. Lely's Evidence. upon Hull, praying their Lordships Consent for the old Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Harbour to remain, as theretofore, die principal Situation enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed for the Discharge of all bulky Sufierance Goods brought in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign into that Port. of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repair-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a ing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the Minute, in April or May 1774, stating, that the Lords County of Lincoln: And that Sir Thorold and Mr. of the Treasury approve of the Clause in the Bill for Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, die same*

establishing a legal Quay at Kingston upon HuU, which directs that the £. 15,000, to be advanced by Government, be paid in the Manner therein expressed.

Curt Navigation Bill reported.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, 4ttorni« to whom the Petition of Thomas Beach, William Nash,

George Rhodes, and the Four Attornies tion reported.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Com- of the Lord Mayor’s Court of the City of London, was

mittee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paisley, to improve the Navigation of the River Carl, and to make a Navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgoxo to Greenock, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in bi$ Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the Houseand several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed bim to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and " others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in " Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect " to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be "entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned," was read. And

Stamford ami Grantham /load Petition vu-ported.

Mr. Nathaniel Highmore being examined, said. That the Lord Mayor’s Court of the City of London is an inferior Court, and confined to the Limits of the said City — That the Fees charged by the Petitioners, the Attornies practising the rein, are very small — That the Charge allowed for every Action entered in the Lands, within the Parish of Dorrington, in the County said Court is only 5 s. 4ci; out of which the Duties of Lincoln, was read a Second Time. payable by former Acts amount to 2 s. 6d. and the

Resolved, That tlte Bill be committed to Sir John additional Duty charged by the before-recited Act

amounts to 2 s. 6d. more, which leaves a Profit of Four Pence only to the Attorney suing out such Action — That the Petitioners are entitled to charge for every Appearance and Common Bail 6 s. only; and they pay to the Clerk of the Bails for every Common Bail 3 s. 6d. — and the new Duty being as. 6d. no Profit remains to (hem from the Appearance and Bail — That the Causes in the said Court, in which further Proceedings are had, are very few'in Proportion to the Number of Actions and -

ingrossed.

Honing tun A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

lodosure Hill Common Fields, Meadows, Pastuivs, Fens, and Waste committed

Thorold, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Joint Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Stamford and

Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; ances entered; and the Petitioners being obliged to That the Committee bad examined, and found that be admitted Attornies of the superior Courts, are the Staudins Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of subject to the Payment of all other Duties imposed

on them by the said Act, and are admitted into the Lord Mayors Court by Purchase, for a very large Considera tion.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

April 1774,relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the blatter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he wad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same

was read; and is as followeth; viz. The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the the Directors of the East India Company, attended at said Act was read: And the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, jvc-

Mr. John Lely being examined, said, That the sented to the House, pursuant to their , <

d jV 1

CjrEO* III,

2j° jdprilis.

691

K* 1 and 2. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal ', Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude,

under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same; also, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, id the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and id Benares and Oude, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N® 3 and 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of

Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate

thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms or Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same; also, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency -of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fprtifica-tions, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 5 and <5. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements sulrordinate thereto, under the Heads of I.and Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate

of a Letter from the Governor General of Bengal, to the Secret Committee of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 16th of November 1786, relative to the State of the Finances of the East India Company, together with the Accounts inclosed therein; viz.

N° 1. Abstract of tire Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th April 1786 to the 31st May 1787.

N° 2. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from 30th April 1786 to 1st May 1787.

N° 3. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of Bombay, and its Subordinates, from the 30th April 1786 to 1st May 1787.

N° 4. General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort Fort Saint George,

and Bombay, between 30th April 1786 and 1st May 1787.

N° 5. General Abstract of Three Statements of Quick Stock, exhibiting the State of the Honourable Company’s Affairs in their Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, as they stood at Bengal on the 31st July 1786, at Madras on the 31st January 1786, and at Bombay on the 30th April 1786.

N° 6. Estimate of the Surplus which may be expected from the Bengal Revenues, to be applicable to the Discharge of the Honourable Company’s Debts in India, supposing the Amount appropriated to the Provision of an Investment for Europe, and for Supplies to the other Presidencies, not to exceed Current Rupees 105 Lacks per Annum.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the latest Estimate of the same; also, an Account of the Annual Charges de- upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the frayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency House, of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Ad- the Powers, of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the

vices, together with the latest Estimate of the same; Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

And also, amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Charges de- in the Parish of ,in the County of Southampton,

frayed by the East India Company for the Manage- through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of

ment of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, Ma-bury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to dras, and Bombay, so far as the same can be distin- Chilton Pond and Newtown; and for amending guished from the Civil or other Charges of those Pre- and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End sidencies respectively, for Three Years, according to of Bartholomew Street, in the said Town of Newbury, the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of to the Turnpike Road at Speenhamland, in the said the same; And also, County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

N* 7 (A.) An Account of the Expences of the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Presidency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependen- thieullier, Mr. Pye, c.: And they are to meet this cies, for Three Years, according to the latest Ad- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s vices, together with the latest Estimate of t|ie same: Chamber.

And also,

N° 7 (B.) An Account of the Expences of the Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’? Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory at Canton, for Command,

Three Years, according to the latest Advices; And An Estimate of the Sums wanted for the Service plso, of the Year 1787 at Somerset , towards Payment

N° 8. Amount of the Bond and other Debts of of Arrears due to different Tradesmen for Works the East India Company at their respective Presiden- done, and towards carrying on the necessary Works cics and Settlements Abroad, the Rates of Interest at the new Offices and Officers Houses erecting the re which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual during the Remainder of the present Year.

Amount of such Interest: And also, And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Hanley and Newbury Roads Bill committed.

Estimate of Sums wanted at Somerset Place presented.

N° 9. Copy of the first Thirty-nine Paragraphs The said Estimate is as followeth; VOL. 49.*

Aa

A. 1787.

Uttoxeter Road Bill presented*

Petition for Provision in Margate Paving Bill.

27* Ap.

An ESTIMATE of the Sums wanted for the Service of the Year 1787, at Somerset , toward*

Payment of Arrears due to different Tradesmen for Works done, and towards carrying on the necessary Works at the new Offices and Officers Houses erecting the re, during the Remainder of the present Year.

Wanted, exclusive of what remains of the Sum voted last Year to pay Arrears -Wanted towards Payment of Works carrying on at the Treasurer of the Navy and Commissioners Houses, in the Side Streets, the Great Court, and many of the Offices....

(L

11,200----

13,800----

C 25,000----

Somerset Place, April 24th, 1787.

William Chambers.

a

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie Upon the . Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Gem'ge the Third, for repairing and widening the lload from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Toenail's Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Two Districts of Road therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Margate and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to die House, for a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and preserving the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages of the said Town, and for other Purposes, and Leave hath been given to bring in the same; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the extending the Provisions of the said Bill to the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages of and throughout the Whole of the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist, instead of confining the same to the Town of Margate only, Mould be more convenient and advantageous to the Parish in general; and that. Complaints having been made of the Extortions and Impositions of Chairmen, Porters, Carters, Carmen, and other Persons working for Hire as such, within the said Town and Harbour of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, the Petitioners conceive that it would tend to prevent in future the Evils complained of, if proper Powers were given to the Commissioners, to be named in the intended Bill, for regulating such Chairmen, Porters, Carters, Carmen, and other Persons, and the Rates and Fares to lie paid to them respectively: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be allowed to extend the Provisions of the said intended Bill, so as to include the Streets, Highways, Lanes, anil Passages of the Whole of the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist, within which Parish the said Town of Margate lies, and also to include such Powers and Regulations as to the House shall seem expedient, re-

lative to such Chairmen, Porters, Carters, Carmen, and other Persons, and their respective Rates and Fares.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crickilt, Mr.

Ac.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Petition of John Petition res Radtan, of Hatton Street, in the Parish of Saint Andrew,

Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, which was pre- referred, sented to the House upon the 5th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Tabic, might b$ again read.

And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, aj> it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Sazebridge, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who coine to the Committee ore to have Y'oices.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the solves tTad-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next journ to

Monday.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee^ a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Supply, of "the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported frotn the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Repcrt be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, that he wo? directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Revived, That this House, will, upon Monday

Morqins

byGoOgt

27 Geo. III.

2 70 Ap

93

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Callicoe Priulers Bill committed.

Tellers for the Yeas,

A Motion was made, and the’Question being proposed, That the Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time, be now read a Second Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Alderman

Mr. Alderman Townsend:

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resohvd, That the Bill be commited to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 7 th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Accounts re- Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the se-king to veral Accounts and Papers, which were this Day pre-Comralyto sen^ec^ to the House by Mr. Morton, from the Direc-be printed, tors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

67.

23-

Exeter Gaol Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom wted>n rC' t*le ^et, tion of Denys of Hudscott, in the County

1,or ' of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles IVade being examined, said, that Denys Rolle, Esquire, the Petitioner, and his Ancestors, have been for a great Number of Years past possessed of the Office of Keeper of the Gaol of Exeter, in the County of Devon, by virtue of some Estate situate in that County, or otherwise: And

A Member present informed your Committee, That the present Gaol at Exeter is in a very improper State for the Purposes of a Gaol for the said County, and that it would be much to the Advantage of the said County that the said Gaol should in future be in the Keeping of the Sheriff of the County, and be on the same Footing as other Gaols of this Kingdom — That Mr. Rolle, the Petitioner, had agreed with many of the Magistrates and principal Gentlemen of the said County to give the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be employed in the immediate Improvement and Repair of the said Gaol, in Consideration that the same should in future be in the Keeping of the Sheriff of the said County, and Mr. Rolle and his Estates be discharged from all Offices or Duties respecting the same, other than as the Proprietors of other Estates may be liable in respect thereof.

Vol. 42.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Gaol for the County of Devon, or for building a new one; and also for pulling down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Bastard and Mr. Baring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Land Tax for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commis-Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax,

" to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Mot;on for That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Account Revenue and Expenditure of the Chest at Chatham, respecting from the 1st of January 1780 until the3ist of December £{jes*at 1785, both Years inclusive, the Number of Pensioners, ^^drawn. and also the Number of Days the Commissioners have sat in each Year.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Revenue and Expenditure of the Royal Revenue,&c. Hospital at Greenwich, from the 1st of Jamary 1780 j.

until the 31st of December 1785, both Years inclusive; taJ o'rdered. also, the present State of the Fund, and Number of Men borne on the Establishment, distinguishing the Expence of Hospital from that of Pensioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Seamen’s the more effectual supplying of His Majesty’s Ships of B*R ordered. War with Seamen when Occasion shall require, and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service whenever they shall be duly called forth: And that Mr. Sheridan, Sir James Johnstone, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Pulteney,

Captain Macbride, and Mr. Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Merchants trading to Africa, together with several Company’* Accounts thereunto annexed, being offered to be pre- Petition' sented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1785, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa," and that they have invested the Money, granted in 1786, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the said Forts having been originally ill-constructed, and composed of the very worst Materials, were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition by the Royal African Company, and the Sums Annually granted by Parliament for their Support

8 O and

694

2 7 — 3 o* .

1787.

and Maintenance being nearly expended in the Civil and Military.Establishments, and in the necessary-contingent Charges, there remained very little for the Purpose of Repairs, inso much that most of them had fallen into Decay, yet the Petitioners, by enforcing the most strict and parsimonious Oeconomy throughout their Service, are now endeavouring to make such Savings as will enable them to put the said ports in as good Repair as they are capable of, and have already given the necessary Orders to that Effect; and that sundry Abuses having been alledged to exist in the Conduct of the Officers employed by the Petitioners on the Coast of Africa, and more particularly in the Management of the Public Money committed to their Care, the Petitioners thought proper, in the Year 1779, to suspend their Governor in Chief, and the Council, at Cape Coast Castle, and to appoint certain Commissioners to examine, in Africa, into the Conduct and Accounts of their Officers, from the Beginning of the Year 1770, and the said Commissioners, or their Successors, having reported fully to the Petitioners upon the different Objects referred to them, and in particular upon the Accounts of their Officers in Africa, and the Petitioners having carefully examined and confirmed the said Reports, it appears by the same, that, at the End of the Year 1776, the Petitioners were indebted to sundry of their said Officers, as specified in the said Reports, to the Amount of £. 24,694. 145. 11 Id. Company’s Pay, but the Account of Richard Miles, Esquire, One of the said Officers, to whom the Sum of £.6,704. 13$. lift/, appeared to be then due, having been afterwards made up by the Petitioners to the End of the Year 1779; the Balance then due to him being £. 5,544. 95. 5d. and the said Richard Miles having been employed since then by the Petitioners, as their Governor in Chief in Africa, and it appearing by the Accounts to the End of his Government, that the Balance of his Account was then reduced to £300. 15 s. 2 d.so that out of the £.6,704. 135. 11 the Sum of £.6,403. 185. 9 appears to have been paid off, which, deducted from the above Sum of £. 24,694. 145. 11 Id.there will remain a Balance of £. 18,290. i6«. 2d. due by the Petitioners to their said Servants, which they are not in a Condition to pay, without the Assistance of the House*; and that the Petitioners having represented, in their Petition to the House, in the last Session of Parliament, that they had been put to sundry extraordinary Expences in assisting the Operations of His Majesty’s Arms in Africa, in the Course of the last War, in Maintenance of Convicts, and other Contingencies, amounting in the Whole to £.7,762. 18& 10 iCompany’s Pay, for Payment of which the House had made no Provision, they now take the Liberty to annex the particular Accounts of the said extra Charges, humbly submitting that the same cannot be defrayed out of the usual Grants from Parliament, without great and manifest Injury to the several Settlements under their Management; and that, by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, were vested in the Petitioners, but the old Fort having been destroyed in the late War, and having no Fund, either to erect or to maintain a Fort for Defence of that River, they have hitherto been unable to take Possession of it, so that it still remains exposed to the Intrusion of Strangers, and more particularly of the French, who, in Violation of the late Treaty of Peace, have made a Settlement therein, and carry on a considerable Trade, to the very great Injury of the British Merchants; and that, however the Grants from Parliament might, at the Commencement of the present African Establishment, have been sufficient to maintain the Forts in some tolerable State of Defence, and to afford such Gratifications to the Natives as would preserve their Friendship and Affection, the same Grants at present are by no Means equal to those necessary

Objects, the Prices of the different Products of,

more particularly of Ncgroe Slaves, having, of late Years, very considerably increased, the Merchandize from Europe, employed in their Purchase, have suffered a proportionate Depreciation, inso much that Presents, which were formerly sufficient to secure the Interests and Confidence of the Chiefs of the Country, are now scarce worth their Acceptance, and the Petitioners being unable, out of the usual Supplies, to satisfy their Desires, they conceive themselves at full Liberty to receive from Strangers those Advantages which the Poverty of the British Forts cannot afford them, of which Disposition the Fren, in particular, have availed themselves, and, in Breach of the last Treaty of Peace, have lately effected a Settlement in the very Heart of the British Possessions upon the Gold Coast, to the infinite Detriment of the said Possessions, and of the British African Trade; and that the British Forts in Africa having thus, through their Poverty, lost the Affection of the Natives, and having no Garrisons to preserve them in any Degree of Respect, are fallen into such a State of Contempt as exposes them to continual Insults, which have increased to such a Height, that a Chief of one of them has been lately dragged out of his Fort, and treated with every Species of Indignity by the Natives; and that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and Extension of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements absolutely necessary thereto, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be sufficient for the effectual Support and Maintenance of the said Forts, for such Presents as may be proper to secure the Friendship of the Natives of the Country, for Discharge of the sundry Debts and Expences upon their Establishment not provided for, and such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to appoint certain Persons, therein to be named, to examine into the State of all the Penal Laws now in Force in this Kingdonv^and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mea * House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ferre ' raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Motion relating to Peual Laws, withdrawn

Ztuncc, 50* die Aprilis;

Anno 27* Georgii III*0 Regis, 1787.

Praters.

A BILL for continuing and amending several Dumfries Acts, made in the Third Year, of the Reign of Two Pennies King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign Scota.Bl11 of King George the Second, and the Second Year of committ*' the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny 7 Sterling,

'll

37 Geo. III.

0° Apr ills.

69S

Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be and certain Roads, and other Places adjoining or near vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and thereto, was read the Third Time.

Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Town, and for building a Church, and making a be, An Act for better lighting and watching the Village Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of in the County of Sumy, and certain

of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto, exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for Ordered, That Sir do carry the Bill to

the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Places within the said Town, and widening the Streets where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Johnstone, Sir Adam Fergusson,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Frtition from the

A Petition of the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, was presented *° die House, and read; Setting forth, That, upon fEdinburgh, the 5th Day of March last, the Petitioners presented

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrOssed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Bittcswel! Gpen and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, Inclosure in the Parish of Bitlcszoell, in the County of Leicester, pa65t'1-was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Bitteswell, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Baring presented to the House, according to Devon Gaol a Petition to the House, stating, that in the Year 1777 Order, a Bill for enlarging the Gaol for the County of Bill pre-a Scheme was formed of raising a Fund for a Provi- Devon, or for building a new one; and also for pulling sented-sion for the Widows and Children of the Members of down the Chapel in the Castle of and for the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, which the other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petitioners were authorized to carry into Execution by Letters Patent from His Majesty, bearing Date the 14th o {March 1778, and that certain Alterations

upon the said Scheme, for the Improvement thereof, *having been proposed to, and unanimously approved

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Balby Road made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Bill coomiit*

of by, the Petitioners, they were advised to apply for Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road tedi

" from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, " to Wor/csop, in the County of was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Galley Knight, Sir Richard Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet

kith Hat-tour Bill tyaunitted.

the Aid and Authority of Parliament to carry these Alterations into Execution, and to render the said Scheme permanent, and praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for the above-mentioned Purpose, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House

should seem meet, and the said Petition was referred this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s to the Consideration of a Committee, which has not Chamber, yet met to consider the same; and that the Petitioners

'now conceive, that it will be proper to enlarge the Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to Petition for

Provisions of the Bill proposed to be brought in, by whom the Petition of Douglas Duke of Hamilton and Provision in

confirming the said Letters Patent, and the several Brandon, and of John Lord and the humble

Powers thereby granted, with the Proceedings had Petition of William Hamilton, of Esquire, rt,°?)rte‘|

in Consequence thereof, in so far as the same have Archibald Douglas, of Douglas, Esquire, and James

been, agreeable to the Terms of the said Letters Mamceof Esquire, Owners of Land Patent, subject to certain Alterations and Additions, adjoining, or near to, the Road thereunder inen-and generally to establish the said Scheme, and impower tioned, was referred; That the Committee had exa-the Corporation and Trustees, and Officers elected mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the by them, for managing the same, effectually to carry House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to 'i’urn-the same into Execution: And therefore praying, pike Bills, had not been complied with, owing to a That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill in Terms Mistake in the Person who drew the Petition, of their former Petition, and for the Purposes herein confining the Termination of the Road to Bonny abovementioned. instead of Loanhead, to join the Turnpike Road leading

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the from Falkirk to Kilsyth, which is little more than a Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Peti- Quarter of a Mile from Bonny Water-, and that the tion of the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-of the City of Edinburgh (which was presented to the tion; and had directed him to report the same, as House upon the 5th Day of March last) is referred: it appeared to them, to the House: And lie read the And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is House. as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a A Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Member present informed your Committee, That the Leith; for erecting Docks and other Buildings; for Extension of the Road as above described will be of widening and making Roads to the said Harbour; for Public Benefit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the Tw’enty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of ' Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same; and for increasing the Number of the City Guard, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Fergusson, Sir James Johnstone, &c.: And they are to Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Speaker’s Chamber. Redburn Bridge, and for altering the Course of tho

Road from to Redburn Bridge, and for repaii-

Camberwell An ingrossed Bill for better lighting and watching ing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, in j|ghting,&c. village of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, the County of Stirling, is committed, That they have P*88^ Vo I.. 42. Bow er

3o° Aprilis. A. 1787.

Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from Bonin/ Hater to or near,

there to join the Turnpike Road leading from to Kilsyth.

Forth anJ A Bill for altering and extending the Line of the

Clyde Navi- ut or Canal authorized to be made and maintained by

committed so nuic^ several Acts, made in the Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the I'rith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carroll, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal, was read a Second Time.

Besotted, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Dundas, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition for Provision in Margate Paving Bill reported.

Mr. Charles Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; anil had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared to your Committee, by the Votes of the House, That Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Support and Maintenance of the Pier of Margate, in the County of Kent, for building a new Stone Pier, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town, and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ami

Mr. Robert Shelton Cotell being examined, said, That

if the Provisions of the said Bill were extended to the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages, of and throughout the Whole of the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist, instead of confining the same to the Town of Margate only, it would he more convenient and advantageous to the Petitioners, and the Parish in general.

And the Witness further said, That Complaints having been made, of the Extortions and Impositions of Chairmen, Porters, Carters, Carmen, and other Persons plying and working for Hire as such, within the said Town and Harbour of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, it would tend to prevent in

future the Evils complained of, if proper Powers were given to the Commissioners to be named in the said Bill, for regulating such Chairmen, Porters, Carters, Carmen, and other Persons, and the Rates and Pares to be paid to them respectively.

Order lor Margate Pier, Sic. Bill discharged, and another Kill ordered.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 16th Day of March last, " That Leave be " given to bring in a Bill to' amend and render more " effectual an Act, made in Lire Eleventh Year of his " late Majesty King George the First, for the Support " and Maintenance of the Pier of Margate, in the " County of Kent; for building a new Stone Pier; " and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the " said Town, and preventing Nuisances and Annoy* " ances therein," might he read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Pier of Alargate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; lor widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets,

Lancs, Highways, and Public Passages, in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen, within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Charles Robinson, Mr. Marsham. and Mr. Gipps, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gat"forthreported from the Committee, to whom Milford Road

the Petition of several Persons, who lately acted as Petition Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parlia- reP°rled‘ ment, made in the Fourth Year of the l!cign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending

" and widening the Road from a Place near the

" Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Ports-

" mouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the " several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton,"

and of other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of slpril 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the

Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And

Mr. Mannadake John Daintrey being examined, said.

That during the Continuance of the said Act the Trustees proceeded in the Execution thereof and large Sums of Money were borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Whole of the Interest, still remain unpaid — That the Money so borrowed hath been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Road, which during the Continuance of the Act, was found to be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Public.

And the Witness further said, That without the Assistance of Parliament, in reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, no Part of the 'said Iload can be completely amended, nor can the Money so borrow’ed, and the Interest thereof, be repaid. — And he added, That he apprehends the Public Convenience will be sufficiently answered, by reviving and continuing the said Act, so far only as the same relates to the amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Milford, through Haslemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone, near Farnhurst Lane, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of - llis present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of MUJord, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road,

between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of <&r

Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, so far as the same relates to the repairing and amending the Road leading from the Village of Milford aforesaid, through

Haslemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone, near Farnhurst Lane, in the said County of Surrey: And that Mr. Gatforlh and Mr. John Lavther do prepare, and bring in, the same.

27 GEOi III.

30

n’!:n:ham*s fcafc Dill

{umuiiticd.

I staled.

697

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Northampton, Essex, Middlesex, and , devised

by the Will of 7 'heophi/usDillingham, Esquire, deceased,

iu Dillingham Brampton Gurdon Dillingham, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of Norfolk, to the same Uses as tile devised Estates now stand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John // ’ odehouse, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

tote Pier Mr. Charles Robinson presented to the House, ac-ndPaving COrding to Order, a Bill for re-building the Pier of L pre' Margate, in the Isle of Thant in the County of Kent for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier> for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and Public Passages, in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, anil Carmen, within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mey and Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom I loads Bill6B for continuing and amending Three Acts, of

I spotted.

the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from a Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingszcinford, and to the further End of BrittclLane, within the Counties of Staff ord and Worcester, and for making and keeping io Repair a Road from or near to Die Nether Trindle aforesaid to Tipton Green, in the said Counties, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building the Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1787, pursuant to the Order of the Honourable Lieutenant General Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, and of building the Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1787, pursuant to the Order of the Honourable Lieutenant General Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

Repairs of the Harbour of Port Patrick - - - '

To defray One Year’s Expence of a Light at the Pier Head of Port Patrick -

Repairs of the Road from Port Patrick to the River Sark -

To enable the Country to uphold the Roads and Bridges from the Bridge of Orr to Stranraer, 60 Miles, at £ 2 per Mile ——

To putting and keeping in Repair 682 Miles of Road, at 4 a Mile....

To D° 938 Bridges, at £ 2 per Bridge - - - ‘

To keeping up Bulwarks and Embankments -

Salary to the Surveyor of Bridges -

War Office,

30th April 1787*

Charge.

1,000 — 10 — 1,100 —

120 — 2,728 — 1,876 — 300 — 100 —

£7,234-----

Geo. Yonge.

Duchy of Lancaster BUI ordered.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and " Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose " of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements Vol. 4S.

" within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth " of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Alexander Popham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

8 P Ordered,

Estimate of Scotch Roads and Bridges presented.

6cfo

30* Aprih

1787.

Papers rcla- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the tive l» Hull Memorial from the Proprietors of Houses, Qc. in ordered.1 the High Street of Hull, presented to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Memorial of Joseph Sykes, William Wallet', and Will iam Hammond, presented to the Right honour-

able the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Memorial of Richard Bell and William pre-

sented to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, dated 7th March 1774.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, a Letter from Richard Bell and William Hammond, to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated 28th March 1774.

Ot'dered, That there be laid before this House, the Report made by John Wooller to the Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, dated in January 1773.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Report of the Honourable the Commissioners of the Customs to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of . His Majesty’s Treasury, dated 4th of February 1773.

Member Ordered, That the Lord Maitland be added to the bMht0ius’s8 pentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring Nat. Bill'!83 hi, a Bill* according to the Prayer of the Petition of

Frederick Hippius,

Pippins'* The Lord Maitland presented to the House, accord-N*" ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick presen . pius:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved:, That the Bill be road a Second Time.

Sarsden, &c. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure Bill Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Com-commuted. mon (jr0UI1(jS) an(j Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, -riscourt, and Finescourt, in the Parish of under

Whichwood, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phe-Ups, Mr. Bastard, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stamford and Sir John Thorcld presented to the House, according to Grantham Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two presented. Acts, PassC(' *n the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee of Ordered, That die Order of the Day, for the House

\\avs and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

LJ"S’ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Air. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Papers 1 Orders, tlVe to *

Copy of a Treasury Alinute, dated 3d June 1773, relative to the making a legal Quay and Wet Dock at Kingston upon Hull: And also.

Copy of Treasury Minutes, dated 15th March and 31st of March 1774, relative to the establishing a legal Quay at Kingston upon Hull: And also,

Memorial presented on the 12th of April 1774, to the Right honourable the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury, by the Merchants of Kingston upon Hull, praying their Lordships Consent for the old Harbour to remain, as theretofore, the principal Situation for the Discharge of all bulky Sufferance Goods brought into that Port.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The 8aid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Order made upoti second Re*4 Monday last, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, ing of Hull the Bill for the enlarging and extending the Bason or Doc|ts Bill Dock at Kingston upon Hull, for the making additional deferred-Works there, for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money arising Bt

therefrom, for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making and establishing public Quays

" or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hufor the better se-

" curing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce, in the Port of Kingston

" upon Hull, for making a Bason or Dock, with Re- -

" servoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works for the

" Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out

" of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those

<c Purposes, and for establishing other necessary Rcgu-

" lations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon

" Hull," and for rendering the said Act more effectual,

might be read. *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered Persons t» to attend this House upon the Second Reading of the aUend-said Bill, Tomorrow, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next*

Ordered, That Mr. William Pilkington, Surveyor of Building to the Customs, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Samuel Brcnm, Esquire, Surveyor of the Revenue Cutters, do attend this House at the same Time.

Mr. Gilbd't, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- SuPPh* ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee 6 had

k r

27 Geo. III. 3o° Aprilis.

4

I)cfiri#»acv of Jjibt Year’s touts.

Nova Scotia.

St John's Island.

Nets

Brunswick.

tape Breton.

Newfound-

land.

East Florida.

Bermuda

Wands.

Bahama

Islands.

had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Forty thousand Three hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence, and Three eighth Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Eight hundred Fifty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Provinoe of Neiv Brunswick, in America, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven to the-Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Rcsohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment oif the Island of Cape Breton, in Amei'ica, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hundred Eighty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland from the First Day of April

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven to the First Day of Aprit One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of East Florida, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five to

the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the Twenty-fourth Day bf June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Vol. 42.

Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

seven to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New South That a Sura, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hun- Wales, dred and Seventy-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the Tenth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six to the Tenth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That the Sum of Throe Millions be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a further Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted io the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Charles Pole, Agent for Masahod de Petition la Mar, was presented to House, and read; Setting respecting forth, That the Ship Herstelder, bound from Amster- y^rSteJjer-detm to Sake and Alogador, in December 17So, was seized and carried into Dover, by His Majesty’s Cutter Sultana, commanded by Lieutenant Fabian, where she remained until February 1782, and was restored by virtue of a Decree of the Court of Admiralty; in consequence of which Seizure, Goods 00 board the said Ship, amounting to the Value of £. 2,170. 4

belonging to his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Morocco, were either spoiled or lost, and for wluch no Compensation whatever has been made; and that it was not determined what Relief should be given for the Loas of the said Goods until after the Tune limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition to the House, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Charles Pole.

Then a Petition of Charles Pole, Agent for Masahod de la Mar, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, Thut His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying the House to takf the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall appear just and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Le Mesttrier,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to uttoxeter Order, a Bill for inclosing and leasing or letting inclosure Bill

certain Pre, ented-

Bill respecting Duty on Pitferran Coals exported, ordered.

Americah Loyalists Commissioners Bill, oidered.

Bill for Sale of Houses, &c. belonging to His Majesty, ordered.

Accounts

oiderid.

Money issued to Comm" of Public Acr counts.

American

Loyalists,

East Florida.

Crown

Lands.

700 3 6° April. 1787;

certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Township or Constahlewick of , in the County of Stafford, called The High fVood and The Ileath, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or public Expences, within the said Township or Constablewick, and within the Constable-wick of the Rectory of Ultoxc: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase, of the Proprietors of Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Pitferran, in the County of Fife, the Right of Exemption from the Payment of the Duty on Coals exported: And that Air. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have 'suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty and Attachment to the British Government: And that Air. Rose and Air. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the same,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to His Majesty: And that Air. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Alonies which have been issued to the . Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Alonies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Alo'nies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Laud Revenues, belonging to the Crown.

Air. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of Aloney issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to reimburse the Sum of £. 2,000 paid by him, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, appointed to repair to Nova Scotici, or any other Part of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and also the Fees attending’the Receipt thereof': And also,

An Account of Aloney issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by John Broivn, Esquire, Acting Governor of the Bahama

Islands, / Falter Paterson, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Saint John, John Parr, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and Thomas Carkton, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick: And also,

An Account of Aloney issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to enable him to pay the Representatives of Richard Bradley, for the Value of sundry Articles of Merchandize, bought' by him for the Purchase of the Island of Le Main, in the River Gambia, as a Settlement for Convicts, and to pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof: And also,

An Account of all Sums of Aloney which have been issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, by Orders of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Mr. James Mouat, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty s Civil- List Revenues, for the Purposes following: That is to say;

To reimburse him the Sum of £ 2,000, paid by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury* to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, appointed to repair to Nova Scdtia, or any other Part of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

£ 2,000----

111 — 6

£2,111 —

Whitehall Treasury Chambers,

30th April 1787. George Rose.

An

Accounts of Money issued to Mr, Colton and i\lr. Mount, presented*

27 Geo. III. 30" Aprilis.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Colton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by John Brown, Esquire, Acting Governor of the Bahama Islands, Walter Paterson, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island ot Saint John, John Parr, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and Thomas Carleton, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick.

Dates of Warrants.

1786. October 20.'

A Bill by John Brown, Esquire, Acting Governor of the Bahama Islands, for Charges of Survey, and Fees of Office upon Lands granted to the Loyalists in

those Islands....

Two Bills by Walter Paterson, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. John; for Surveys of Lands allotted to loyal Refugees, and disbanded Troops, amounting to the Sum of ——

To pay the Fees and Changes attending the Receipt thereof -

November 3d. A Bill drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by Lieutenant Governor , in Part of Dis-

bursements on Account of Refugees and disbanded Troops in the Island of St. John - -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

December 8th. Towards discharging a Bill drawn by Lieutenant Governor Parr, on the Commissioners of the Treasury, for £. 278. 11. 4. for extraordinary Expences incurred in surveying and laying out Lands in Nova Scotia for His Majesty’s loyal Subjects, who have taken Refuge there -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

December 15. To enable him to satisfy Three Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury, by lieutenant Governor Paterson, for surveying Lands for the Accommodation of the Loyalists who had retired to the Island of St. John -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

1787.

February 9.

To enable him to discharge Fees due to John Pair, - Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and to the Secretary and Auditor in that Province, on Grants of Lands made to sundry Persons who have taken Refuge there from the United States of America, and to reduced Officers and Soldiers, commencing the First of October 1784, and ending 31st March

1786.....- -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

February 23d. To enable him to satisfy Bills drawn by Lieutenant Governor Carleton, for Expences incurred for the Pay of Surveyors and Assistants employed in locating Lands for the Loyalists and disbanded Troops in New Brunswick, to 24th of June 1786, and for contingent Expences in the Surveyor General’s Office, to 24th of September 1786 -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

£‘4 67

4i

394 8 3

53 4 6

914 13 —

1,012 6 9 60 8 6

1,072 15 3

269----

22 5 6

291 5 6

199 8 € 18 14 6

218 3 —

L355 16 78 -

i,433 16 —

257 3 8* 21 13 6

V*o L. 42.

8 Q

278 17 2} To

3o° Apr

A. 1787

70a

Dates of Warrants.

1787.

March 30th. To enable hjm to satisfy Bills drawn by Lieutenant Governor Parr for the Purchase of Lumber, and other Expences incurred in settling the loyal Refugees, and disbanded Officers and Soldiers, at St.John’s River and New Brunswick -To pay the Pees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

April 30th. To enable him to satisfy Two Bills drawn by Lieutenant Governor Parr, for extraordinary Expences incurred in surveying and laying out Lands for His Majesty’s loyal Subjects, who have taken Refuge in the Province of Nova Scotia, and for contingent Expence? incurred in forming a Settlement in the North East distant Parts of the said Province, for Persons who have taken Refuge therein from the United States of A, and to reduced Officers and Soldiers ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - -

574 6 11 37 18 6

612 4 7 r

294 2 6 23 7 —

-------- 317 9 6

£5,139 4 1 i

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 30th April 1787.

George Rose.

->JT;

Cll; ill -hi.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for the Purposes following; that is to say,

To enable him to pay the Representatives of Richard Bradley, for the Value of sundry Articles of Merchandize bought by him for the Purchase of the Island of Le Main, in the River Gambia, as a Settlement for Convicts - - - £-4-7 5 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ---- - 30 5 (i

£-457 '0 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

30th April 1787. George Rose.

An

.’It

27 Geo. III.

30° Aprilis

7°3

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, by Orders of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Mr. James Chief Clerk in

the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament.

1-785. August pth -November nth

1786. February 15th April Kth May tyth August 15th November 18th December 18th

1787. February 2(>th

Jf’hitehall, Treasury Chambers, 30th April, 1787.

George Rose.

100 -

100-----

100-----

too-----

100-----

100-----

100-----

50-----

140-----

i- 890 — —

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Land Tax Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-CommUsion- der, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of TOUd* P'e~ scvera* of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, *D ' made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the iirst-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resokcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Itiiii-mnity Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted li.lifom- to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; Butted. ami to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to l>c stamped* according to Law’, or having been stamped have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Jit -solved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

I>, l.iiasti- An ingrossed Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Courts Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts, was read the T hird passed. Time.

Vo l. 42.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title- be, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Mouse was moved, That an Act, made in the Motion for Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Occasional Freemen from J,a|

" voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- men from " ment for Cities and Boroughs," might be read. voting, with-

And the same being read accordingly; ! drawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question w'as proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing Occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Towns, Ports, and Boroughs.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdraw n.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Committee solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on 1>0,r to consider of the Laws now in being for the Main- ^aws* tenance of the Poor.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Eduard Astley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Eduard Astley reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received. ‘

Sir Edward Astley accordingly reported from the Reported, said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectual Relief of the Poor, and ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard Children.

And Sir Eduard Astley moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to "bring inr a Bill Bill ordered for more effectual Relief of the Poor, and ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard Children: And that

Sir

704 3°° Apnlis — 1° — 2° Mali. . 1787.

Sir Edward Astlcy, Mr. Rolle^ and Mr. Bastard, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Charge Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

against Mr. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred"* *' cons^er further of the several Articles of Charge e of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren

Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was counted by Mr., Speaker, and Seventy-five Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Articles of The House was moved, That the Order made upon impeach- Wednesday last, for taking into further Consideration, mThmUms upon Thursday next, the'Report which was made from -deferred. 6 the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be -read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th Day of May next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Aberbro- Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Term of thock Two Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign n*i,|inJ*f^C°!i* his late Majesty King George the Second, and the i tenyear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Scoteb Justi- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-ciary Bill de- Jng, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating " the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland."

Supply de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

ferred. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 1* die Maii;

Anno 27* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1787.

Pray ers.

Considers- r| '’HE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration of Nor- X tion the Petition of the several Persons whose with Election Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City ferred!1 Norwich, and County of the same City, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, Ming come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mercurii, 2* die Maii;

Anno 27* Georgii III,a Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Norwich tion the Petition of the several Persons whose Election Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City Petition con* of Norwich, and County of the same City, on Behalf sid6red-of themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and One Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirteen Members then present, were drawn, who wrere not objected to.

And the Name of John Macnamara, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who w’ere not objected to.

And the Name of John Stanley, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and his Name was set aside.

- And the Names of Twenty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eight, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Two, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Nine, on

Account

Si

-.8

St foi

.d

ani

-Gat

c<!

-*i

-tj.

'it

37 Geo. III.

3° Ma

7°5

Devon Gaol Bill withdrawn, and mother ordered.

Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Fourteen, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Notice being taken, That the Bill for enlarging the Gaol for the County of Devon, or for building a new one, and also for pulling down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, which Bill was, upon Monday last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, contains several Provisions, not included in the Petition of Denys Rolle, of Hudscott, in the County of , Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of March last;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for discharging Denys Rolle, Esquire, and his Heirs, from the Office of Keeper of the Gaol for the County erf Devon: And that Mr. Baring and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition for A Petition of several Gentlemen, Justices of the additional Peace, and others, of the County of Devon, was pre-

ftoviswnin seated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That ^von Gaol petjtjoners percejve, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented from Denys Rolle, Esquire, for Leave to bring in a Bill for discharging him, and his Heirs, from the Office of Keeper of the Common Gaol for the County of Devon, upon Payment of a certain Sum of Money; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the carrying the said Proposal into Execution will be advantageous to the Public, and that it would also be of great Utility, if Provision was made in the said Dill for enlarging and improving the said Gaol, in such Manner as the Commissioners therein to be named shall think proper, and also, that the said Commissioners be impowered to re-build the said Gaol, in the Place where it is now situated, or in such other Place as to them shall seem more convenient, and that they be impowered to take down the Chapel now situate within the Castle of Exeter, for the Purpose of making the Avenues to the Courts of Justice in the said Castle more commodious, and that such other Provisions and Regulations may be made in the said Bill as shall be thought necessary and proper, for more effectually carrying the said Plan into Execution: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the wid Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Bastard,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition for additional Provision in (1) Har* r Bill.

A Petition of John Grieve, Esquire, Lord Provost, for himself, and the other Members of the Town Council of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for erecting Docks and other Buildings, for widening and making Roads to the said Harbour, for widening and Vo t. 42.

enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same, and for increasing the Number of the City Guard; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioner apprehends it would be proper to amend certain Parts of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the said City, in so far as concern the Sum of £. 10. per Centum of One Year’s valued Rent, directed to be levied by the said Acts, and the Collection and Application of the same:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, Sir Thomas Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to Petitions whom the Petition of the Royal College and Corpo- from the ration of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh; and also, ^s^rTeons the Petition of the Royal College and Corporation of Edinburgh of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, were severally reported, referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to ieport the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Letters Patent, bearing Date the 14th of March 1778, for authorizing a Scheme for granting Annuities ts the Widows and Children of the Members of the College of Surgeons at Edinburgh, were produced and read.

And,

Mr. Thomas Hay being examined, said, That certain Alterations which have been proposed to be made to the said Scheme would be greatly for the Improvement thereof, and that it would be of Advantage to the Scheme, if the stud Letters Patent were to be confirmed by Act of Parliament, together with the Proceedings had in consequence of the Letters Patent, so far as the same have been agreeable to the Terms thereof, subject to certain Alterations and Additions, and if the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected by them for managing the Scheme, were more effectually impowered to carry the same into Execution. — And he further said, That the Alterations proposed to be made were founded on Calculations which had been well considered by the College; and that the present Amount of the Capital raised by the Corporation is £.3,165, which exceeds the original Calculation by £. 1,200. — And being further examined, he said, That there are now Thirty-seven Members who are Contributors to the Scheme; and that there is an Error in the original Scheme in making the Corporation I;und contribute only £.25 a Year, whereas it was meant that there should be One Pound for every Contributor; and that, by the Calculations now made, it appears that the Annuities may be encreased with Safety to the Scheme.

Ordered, That Leave l« given to bring in a Bill for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations; and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution; And that Sir Adam Fergusson

8 R and

706 a" i

i.

and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed BiH for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a Navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a Navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Staffordshire Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk -of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, in the room of Sir John , Baronet, de-

ceased.

Jleverley A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

rommhted ^ct» P^^d in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Molscrof to Kendell House, and from Molscroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Pemyman, Mr. Duncombe, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cart Navi-gatkio BiH pawed.

Bill for regu- The House was moved, That the Order made upon lating Moor- Thursday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Vessels*in for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty,

the Port of " and Citizens of the City of , to purchase the

London dis- " Mooring Chains in the River , between

charged, and London Bridge and Bugby Hole, together with the ordered. Right of renewing and removing the same, and

" putting down others; for regulating the lying and " Mooring of Ships and Vessels; and for establishing " a Nightly Watch within certain Parts of the Port of , " London," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, to purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, between London Bridge and Rugby's Hole, together with the Right of renewing and removing the same, and putting down others, and for regulating the lying and Mooring of Ships and Vessels within certain Parts of the Port of London: And that Mr. Alderman Watson and Mr. Alderman Newhham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of John Sime, of North Leith, Ship-builder, against Leith was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Harbour Bill. of gj|j for eniarging and improving the , Harbour of Leith, for erecting Docks and other Buildings, for ' widening and making Roads to the said Harbour, for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same, and for increasing the Number of the City Guard; and Setting forth, That upon the Suggestion of its being necessary not only to deepen, scour, and enlarge the said Harbour, and the Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses, already constructed, and to widen the Streets, Lanes, and Passages leading to and from the same, but also to construct new Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses, for building, repairing, laying up, lading, and unlading, Ships and Vessels, and for con-

daii. A. iySy.

1 *': "< I ... 1 ....

taining Goods and Merchandize, and to make new Streets, Lanes, and passages tp and frpnj foe said Harbour, it is proposed by foe said Bill, that the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of Edinburgh, and foeir Successors in Office, shall be authorized and Empowered to agree, with foe Owners apd Occupiers of all the Houses, Grounds, and Areas, in North Leith (excepting, the Church and Church Yard) for ..foe Purchase thereof, in order to the said Houses befog pulled down, and the Grounds and Ari^s madp u?e of by the said Lord Provost, Magistrate?, and Council, and their Successors, as they shall think proper, for the Purposes before mentioned, and, . in case of the Owners and Occupiers of the said Houses, Grounds, and Areas, hot agreeing yoliintarily to surrender foeir Properties and Possessions, it is proposed that, they shall be compelled so to do, upon receiving such..a Value as shall be put on the same by a Jury; and, that foe Petitioner is Proprietor of various Houses, a large Dry Dock, a Quay, a Building Yard, Two Smithies for the Manufacture of Anchors, Bolts, Nails, &c. some Areas of Ground, and other valuable Premisses, all situated in the Town of North Leith, and comprehended in the Boundaries described in the said Bill, and is also Lessee of another Dry Dock, Two Smithies,' Three Building Yards or Slips, and Two Houses, sundry Cellars, and other Accommodations contiguous thereto, which likewise fall under the Description of the said Bill, and, was the same to be passed into a Law, not only the Petitioner would be stripped of a valuable Property, and of a Trade still more so, but above Two hundred Persons, dependant on his Business, would be deprived of Bread, by which the Public at large, as well as the Petitioner, and those employed by him, behoved to be very great Sufferers; and that the Petitioner apprehends not only that there is no Necessity for this Attack on his Property, but that to take the Property belonging to or possessed by him, is not requisite for the Enlargement of the Harbour, because it is demonstrable that to widen it at the Place where foe said Property is situated would destroy the Harbour itself; and that the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, have not yet, so far as the Petitioner can learn, fixed ori any certain Plan for the Accomplishment of the Objects which they have in View, but, be their Plan what it may, the Petitioner is confident that it is not in their Power to accommodate him with Premisses equal to those which he now possesses, should the latter be demolished, and if they are not to be demolished for the Purpose of Public Utility, he humbly confides in the Justice of the House, that they will not suffer him wantonly to be stripped of his whole Fortune, which is here at Stake; and that the Petitioner conceives, that the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, are not aware of the Value of the Property and Trade which they are proposing either to annihilate, or to take into their own Hands, and, if the former is their Object, the Petitioner trusts he will be able to shew not only that an adequate Recompence to him would load the Community with an enormous Expence, but that the Public at large would be essentially injured in all the various Branches of Trade and Manufactures, connected with the important Business of Ship-building, and, if foe latter is the Object of the Bill, the Petitioner throws himself on the Protection of the House, in perfect Confidence that nothing short of absolute Necessity, and evident Public Utility, will be deemed sufficient to authorize such a Violation of the sacred Right of Property, which the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, have not pretended to shew, and cannot shew in this Case: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, so far a# his Property and Trade are concerned.

5 A Petition

ii Geo. III. a° 707

pttition A Petition of Alexander ‘ Esquire, One of

tfutattrBiJL principal Clerks of Session, Grizel Murdoch, Daughter of Thomas Murdoch, of Esquire,

and James Weddell, Merchant, in Edinburgh, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That it is proposed by the said Bill, upon a Suggestion that it is necessary to widen ,the Entry to the North Bridge of Edinburgh, to empower the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of the Houses, ^hops, and Areas, bounded by Bull's Close on the West, the High Street on the South, the North Bridge Street on the East, and the Entry from North Bridge Street to the Flesh Market and Bulls Close on the North, and, . in case of their not agreeing voluntarily to surrender their property, then they are to be compelled to do so, upon receiving such a Value as shall be put on the same by a Jury, and within the Boundaries so described are comprehended certain Houses belonging to the Petitioners, being Floors, or Stories, of the East Side of Mill's Squareand that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill was to pass into a Law, as prayed, they would be greatly injured, and that there is no Necessity for widening the North Bridge Street, at least at that Part to which the Petitioners Property reaches, and they conceive it would be a strong Violation of the sacred Right of Property, to deprive Meu of it merely to please the Fancy of others, >vhen there is no real Necessity, and no substantial Benefit to be thereby derived to the Public at large, and, as a Proof of there being no such Necessity, the Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh ynnde no Application for taking any Part of the Petitioners Property included in the present Bill, when they applied for, and obtained, an Act of Parliament for making the North Bridge: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, so far as their Property is concerned.

Ditto. A Petition of John Tait, One of the Clerks to His Majesty’s Signet in Edinburgh, David Paterson, Merchant in Edinburgh, and John Spence, Painter in Edinburgh, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That it is proposed by the said Bill, upon a Suggestion that it is necessary to widen the Entry to the North Bridge of Edinburgh, to empower the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of the Houses, Shops, and Areas, bounded by Bull's Close on the West, the High Street on the South, the North Bridge Street on the East, and the Entry from North Bridge Street to the Flesh Market and Bull's Close on the North, and, in case of their not agreeing voluntarily to surrender their Property, then they are to be compelled to do so, upon receiving a Value as shall be put upon the same by a Jury, and within the Boundaries so described are comprehended certain Houses belonging to the Petitioners, being Floors or Stories of the East Side of the back Land of Mill's Square; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill was to pass into a Law, as prayed, they would be greatly injured, and that there is no Necessity for widening the North Bridge Street, at least at that Part to which the Petitioners Property reaches, and they are well informed that there is no Intention so to do, but that the Aim of the Magistrates and Town Council is to build upon the Area of the Petitioners said Property; and that the Petitioners are themselves about to extend their Building by bringing the same forward to the Street, and have submitted the Plan by them adopted to the Magistrates, and they conceive it would be a strong Violation of the sacred Right of Property, to deprive Men of it merely to please the Fancy of others, when there is no real Necessity, and no substantial Benefit to be thereby derived to the Public at large: And there-Vol. 43.

fore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, so far as their Property is concerned.

A Petition of William Robertson, of , James Petition

Chalmers, Merchant in Leith, Allan Macdougall, and John Campbell, Writers to the Signet, was likewise pre- ltfbur

sented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That amongst other Things contained in the said Bill, it is proposed to be enacted, that, in order to enlarge the Harbour of Leith, and for constructing new Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses, Ac. and making Roads thereto, the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of certain Houses; Grounds, and Areas, therein specially mentioned and described, and that, in case the Parties do hot agree, Power shall be given to the Magistrates and Town Council to take from the different Proprietors, without their Consent, their Properties and Estates, lying within the Boundaries therein described, and to pay them only such Value for the same as shall be fixed thereon by a Jury, composed of Persons therein described; and that the Grounds proposed to be thus taken from private Individuals are of much greater Extent than is necessary for enlarging the Harbour, and constructing the necessary Quays, Piers,

Docks, &c. requisite for the proposed Improvements upon the said Harbour, and the Magistrates and Town Council, are by the said Bill proposed to be empowered, besides the Ground necessary for the said Quay, Piers, Docks, &c. to employ certain Parts of the said Grounds for erecting Warehouses, and also to sell such Parts of the said Grounds, as may not be necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, whereby immense Sums of Money will be levied by the Magistrates and Town Council, to the Prejudice of the present Proprietors, who, by the Operation of the said proposed Act, will be obliged either to yield up their Property and Interests in the Whole of those Grounds, whether truly necessary for the proposed Improvements or not, on such Terms as the Lord Provost and Magistrates of Edinburgh shall propose, or to have it brought into Contest before a Jury of Citizens, many of whom are incapable of judging of the true Value of such Subjects which are mostly rural; and that the Petitioners, who are Proprietors of very considerable Parts of the Property by the said Bill proposed to be taken away, are so sincerely desirous of contributing, as far as they can with Justice to themselves, to the Success of a Scheme which, if confined within proper Bounds, and regulated upon Principles of private Justice, may prove highly beneficial to the Public, without injuring any Individual, that they are willing to part with as much of their respective Properties as shall be absolutely necessary for the Construction of the intended Addition to the Harbour, and the Quays and Piers necessary for the Purposes of Navigation, and are content to accept of such Price for the said Grounds as shall be fixed in their Option, either by Commissioners to be named and appointed, or by a Jury of Landed Gentlemen of a certain Extent of Yearly valued Rent, and real Property, who alone are fit to judge of the Value of the Tenements in Question, but the Petitioners cannot consent to be compelled to give up Part of their Property on any Terms whatever, to be turned to Purposes not necessary for the Improvement proposed by the said Bill, and tending only to raise Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of Works in which they are not more interested than the Public in general, and for procuring over and above large Sums to the Corporation of Edinburgh, for the Application of which no Provision is made in the said Bill, and which may be applied to Uses, with which the Petitioners have not the most remote Connection, and from which they can

derive

708

2° Mail

A. 1787.

derive no Benefit; and that the Petitioners hold their Property free from any Restraint, and liable to no Challenge whatever, and they conceive, that taking from them, without their Consent, such Part of it as is not necessary for carrying into Execution the Object of the said Bill, cannot be vindicated upon any Principle of Expedience, and far less of public and absolute Necessity, neither of which require that the Petitioners should be deprived of their Property, even at an adequate Price, for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of a public Work, which, if it cannot be executed from the Profits derived from the Improvements itself, ought to be made a Burden, either upon the Public at large, or upon those for whose particular Advantage it is calculated; and that, as the Petitioners oppose this Part of the Bill upon solid Principles, which regulate private Property, and which the House will never violate, they think it unnecessary to say any Thing further in Vindication of their Opposition to a Measure of which, in its general Object and Tendency, they approve, but which they can never allow to be carried into Execution, at the Expence of material Justice, and to their own extreme Hurt and Prejudice: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, in so, far as is here complained of, may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the same.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Edward Foley with the Right honourable Lady Anne Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes.

Chester Mr. Crape reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads Peti- the Petition of thq several Persons, whose Names are tionreported, thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land, and Residents within the County of Chester, and County of the City of Chester, or one of them, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: YVhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Calvelcy being examined, said, That the public Highways from the City of Chester to a House or Place called The Woodside Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead, and also from the said City of Chester to Park-gate, in the Tow nship of Leighton, and from thence to The Woodside Ferry aforesaid, and also the Roads through the Townships of Hoot on, and East-

ham, extending from the said Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid, to the Road leading from the said City of Chester to The Woodside Ferry aforesaid, are very much out of Repair, and that there are several deep hollow Ways in the said Roads, which me very narrow and incommodious; and that the said

Committee 6n Foley s Divorce Bill deferred.

Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester, and from the said City to the Custom House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Neston, in the said County, and from Great Neston aforesaid to the said Woodside Ferry, and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid, to the Road leading from the said City to the said Woodside Ferry: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ashborne Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pre- Road B'11 sent Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and commitle<l* widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mundy, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Barrow In-mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, closure Bill and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet committed-of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon Trent, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy,

Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Papers rela-Copy of a Memorial presented to the Lords Commis- tive to Hull sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by - Harbour, or*

mond, Henry Broadley, and Philip Green, Esquires, in der® ' March last, relative to the Works, 8$c. done by the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and also, a Copy of the Report of the Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs to their Lordships, on a Reference to them on the said Memorial.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of Messrs. Browne and Pilkington’s Report to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in April last, on their Survey at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, together with the several Papers referred to in their said Report

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, from the Collector and Comptroller of die Customs at the Port of Hull, dated in April last, in Answer to the referred Memorial presented by the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Chairman of the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull's Letter to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, dated the 30th of March last, requesting them to appoint One or more of their well-informed Officers to go to Hull, to survey the Works done there by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing a legal Quay and Dock at the Port of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter written by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, to the Collector and Comptroller

of

Her

f.:sei

VjjcI

27 Geo. III. 2 M709

of the Customs at the Port of Hull, dated the 5th Day of April 1787, signifying their having appointed Messrs. Browne and Pilkington to survey the Works done there by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing a legal Quay and Dock at Kingston upon Hull; and also, a Copy of the Report of Messrs. Smeaton and ffooler made to them, dated in November 1779, of the said Works being completed according to the Directions of the said Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the different Memorials and Letters presented to the Treasury and Customs, during this Session of Parliament, on the Subject of the Hull Dock Business, with the Report the Customs have made thereupon.

petition re- Mr. Gregory reported from the Committee, to whom

Shfltersu* of Charles Pole, Agent for de la

*r, Reported" Mar, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Charles Pole, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Ship Herstelder was taken in December 17So, by His Majesty’s Cutter Sultana, and carried into Dover, where she was detained till February 1782, when the Ship and Cargo were restored by a Decree of the Court of Admiralty.

That on board the said Ship were sundry Articles belonging to his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Morocco, amounting to the Value of £. 2,170. 95. 4d. which in consequence of the Capture and Detention of the said Ship were either spoiled or lost, and for which no Compensation has been made, and that considerable Expences have been incurred in various Applications for Indemnification.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Clerkenwtll Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom Church Peti- the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and lotion reported. habitants of the Parish of Saint James, at Clerkevxixll, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Nicholas Lacy Fry being examined, said, That the said Parish consists of Two Districts, the one called Saint James's, and the other Saint John's-, and that tire Parishioners in both the said Districts have contributed and are liable to pay towards the Repairs of the Parish Church of Saint James, which is situate in that Part of the Parish called Saint James's — That the said Church beings in a very ruinous Condition, it is necessary to take down and re-build the same, and also the Tower or Steeple belonging thereto, and to provide a Church Yard for the said Parish. Then

Mr. James Carr, and Mr. Joseph Carter, being examined, said, That the said Church, Tower or Steeple, are in so ruinous a Condition, that it is impossible to repair them, and it is therefore necessary that the same should be re-built.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pulling down the Church of Saint James, at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto: And that Mr. Jervoise and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 42.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Hn uttoxeter Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pre- Road Bill sent Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and committed, widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Bridge, and from Tewnatl's Lane to Yoxall , in the said County, so far as tire 6ame relates to the Two Districts of Road therein described, was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending Dudley, &c. Three Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George Roa* the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, pas* and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from a Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to and to

the further End of Brittel Lane, within the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindle aforesaid to Tipton Green, in the said Counties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from a Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingsv-inford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, within the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindle aforesaid to Tipton Green, in the said Counties.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Lastinsham Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common InclosureBil Fields within the Township of Lastingin the North presented. Riding of *he County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Commit- Wanstead tee, to w hom the Petition of several of the Vestrymen Church Peti-of the Parish of Wanstead, in the County of Essex, on tion report Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Lazvrence being examined, said, That the Parish Church of Wanstead is greatly decayed, and not sufficiently large and convenient for the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine Worship-; and that it is necessary that the same should be pulled down and re-built.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Church of the Parish of Mary,

Wamtcde, alias Wanstead, in the County of Essex: And that Sir James Tylney Long and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Papers rela-Orders, tive to Null

The Memorial of Joseph Sykes, William Waller, and *^jUr,pie* William Hammond, presented to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury:

And also,

8 S The

Petition to prevent Frauds in th< Admeasurement of Coals, reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Kipping's Cross Roads Bill.

jto a" Mail 17 & 7.

The Memorial of Richard Belt and William Ham- Turnpike Road ait Clay in the-Parish of trtond, presented to die Right honourable the Lords hurst, in the County of without any Amend-

Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated 7th ment: And also,

March 1774: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill Forth

A Letter from Richard Bell and William Hammond, for varying and extending the Powers of the Company ^p!^6 to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of of Proprietors of the Forth and Navigation;

His Majesty’s Treasury, dated 28th March 1774: And without any Amendment: And also,

also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Promissory

The Report of the Commissioners of the Customs on for making perpetual Two Acta, passed in the Fifteenth Note*BlU-the Memorial from the Dock Company at Hull. and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present,

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, to be perused by the Members of the House. within that Part of Great Britain called England;

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other without any Amendment: And also,

Papers of this Session. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord*

vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the Premisses have Passed Mr. Alderman Satobridge reported from the Com- belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the County of Ga0‘ mittee, to whom the Petition of John Raban, of Hatton Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purpose of conveying the ! Street, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the same to the Right honourable Viscountess Irwin,

County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Com- and her Heirs, and to declare the new Gaol or Prison mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; lately built to be the Common Gaol for the said County;, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his House.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s And then the Messengers withdrew.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz. Sir John Trevelyan reported from the Select Com- Member on a

To prove the Allegations of foe said Petition, Mr. mittee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the committed. Jacob Bird, one of foe principal Sea Coal Meters, pro- Petition of John Lemon, Esquire, complaining of an duced a Letter from foe Chairman of foe Coal Buyers undue Election and Return for foe Borough of «Saltash, to foe Sea Coal Meters Office, complaining of several in foe County of Cornwall; That the said Committee Abuses in foe Trade, and requesting the Office to put met this Morning at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their a Stop thereto; together with foe Resolution of foe Adjournment of Yesterday, and Esquire,

Office thereon, that it was not in their Power so to do. (one of foe Members of the said Select Committee) not And attending, foe Committee continued to sit for One Hour,

Mr. Henry Barney Mayhem, Solicitor to the Land and then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of foe

Coal Meters Offices for London, Westminster, and Clock.

Surrey, being examined, said, That by the Direction of And Sir John Trevelyan informed the House, That those Offices, he had brought many Actions to recover he had received a Letter from foe said Mr. Kynaston,

Penalties from Persons selling Coals Pool Measure, acquainting him, that he was very much indisposed, and which were deficient in Quantity, and that foe Offenders unable to attend the said Committee,

have compounded for the Penalties. And the House being informed that Mr. Mainwartng

Mr. John Burnett, one of foe Land Coal Meters for (Apothecary) attended at the Door; he was called in; the County of Surrey, being examined, said, That he and, at foe Bar, examined, upon Oath, as to the pre-had detected many Frauds in the Admeasurement of sent State of Mr. s Health; and informed the

Coals sold for Pool Measure; and that he apprehends, House, That Mr. Kynaston bad been taken exceedingly that if a Land Coal Meter’s Office were to be estab- ill with a Fever, and was unable any longer to attend lished between Redriffe and Saint Mary, Woolwich, it the said Committee, would be a great Advantage to foe Inhabitants of that And then he was directed to withdraw.

Part. Ordered, That foe said John Esquire, be

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to discharged from any further Attendance on the said

prevent Frauds in foe Loading and Delivery of Coals Committee.

sold by Ship or Pool Measure, within foe Cities of Ordered, That the said Select Committee do pro.

London and Westminster, or on either Side of foe River ceed Tomorrow Morning, pursuant to their Adjoum-Thames, from Putney Bridge to the utmost Extent of ment, in the Consideration of the said Petition, not-foe Parishes of Saint Dunstan Stepney, alias St ebon withstanding foe Absence of the said John Kynaston,

Heath, and Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the Counties of Esquire.

Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent; and to prevent Frauds in

the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from between the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in foe foe Directors of foe East India Company, attended at aented. County of Sumy, and the utmost Extent of the Parish the Door; he was called in; and, at foe Bar, presented of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent: And to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

that Mr. Alderman Sawbridge and Sir fCatkin Lewes do N° 1. Copy of the Proceedings of foe Court of prepare, and bring in, foe same. Directors and Joint Committee of Correspondence

and Shipping relative to New Harbour and Mr. Lacam,

A Message from foe Lords, by Mr. Graves and since the 30th July 1783: And also,

Mr. Pepys: N° 2. Copy of a Request of Mr. Benjamin Lacam

Mr. Speaker, to foe Court of Directors, dated 1st September 1783,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An that his Claims on the Company, for Indemnification Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, for his Expences and Losses, may be settled by Arbi-of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, tration: And also,

for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross, in the N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Benjamin Lacam County of Kent, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's to foe Court of Directors, dated 27th September 1783*

Hill, in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent, in foe inclosing a corrected Copy of his Letter to the Courts County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road of the 1st September 1783: And also, from foe Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound afore- N° 4. Copy of a Note from foe Right honour-

said, through East Lane, and by Hope Mill, to the able Lord Sydney to Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, dated

11th

27 Geo. III. % MaiL nit

nth March 1784, desiring to know whether the Court of Directors approved of the Proposals from Mr. cam inclosed therein: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Note from Evan Nepean, Esquire, to Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, dated 12th May 1784, inclosing Mr. Lacam's Proposition: And. also,

N° 6. Copy of a Memorial of Mr. Benjamin Lacam to the Court of Directors, dated 22d May 1784, praying to be reimbursed, the Sum expended in making Surveys of the Coast of Bengal, and to return thither with Civil Rank: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Benjamin Lacam to the Court of Directors, dated 30th June 1784, requesting a Decision upon his former Memorial: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Sydney to Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, dated 14th July 1784, inclosing a Proposition respecting Mr. Benjamin Lacam: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lacam

to the Court of Directors, dated 27th July 1784: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Benjamin Lacam to Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, dated toth August 1784, presenting to the Court a Copy of the Plan of New Harbour: And also,

N° 11. Copy of the Request of Mr. Benjamin Lacam to the Court of Directors, dated 10th November 1784, for a speedy Decision on his Business: And also,

N° 12. Copy of the Request of Mr. Benjamin Lacam to the Court of Directors, dated 1st December

1784, for a speedy Decision respecting New Harbour: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Note from Mr. Benjamin Lacam to William Devaynes, Esquire, dated 28th April 1785,

submitting to the Court’s Consideration a Resolution agreed to by his Creditors in Bengal: And also,

N° 14. Copy of the Request of Mr. Benjamin Lacam to William Devaynes, Esquire, dated 6th May

1785, to be informed of the Court’s Sentiments on the Paper which he inclosed to them the 28th April 1785; also, for a Copy of such Resolutions as relate to his Applications since the 6th June 1783: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Note from Mr. Benjamin Lacam ' to William Devaynes, Esquire, dated 11 th May 1785, inclosing a Copy of a Letter from Major General Archibald Campbell, on the Subject of Harbour, and requesting to be favoured with the Court’s Resolutions on his Applications: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Benjamin Lacam to William Devaynes, Esquire, dated 15th June 1785, offering to the Court's Inspection Three new Charts of the Coast of Bengal and the River Houghley: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Petition of Mr. Benjamin Lacam to the Court of Directors, dated 6th 1785, stating the Hardships he has suffered, and praying for Relief: And afro,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Alexander rymple, Esquire, and Major to the Court of

Directors, dated 7th July 1785, stating their Opinion on Mr. Lacam's Charts: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Note from Mr. Benjamin Lacam to William Devaynes, Esquire, dated 13th 1785, inclosing a Letter from him to Mr. Darell, as to his Surveys of Houghley River: And also,

N® 20. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Benjamin Lacam to Thomas Coggan, Esquire, dated 19th July 1785, respecting the Draft of a new Lease: And also,

N* 21. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Benjamin Lacam to William Devaynes, Esquire, dated 18th August 1785, inclosing a Clause to be inserted in the Lease of New Harbour: And also,

N* 2*2. Copy of Mr. Solicitor Smith's Report on V o l. 42.

the proposed Alterations in the Draft of Mr. Lacam's Lease: And also,

N* 23. Copy of a new Lease proposed>to be granted to Mr. Benjamin Lacam: And also,

N® 24. Copy of the Request of Mr. Benjamin Lacam to William Devaynes, Esquire, datqd nth April 1786, for a Copy of certain Bengal Paragraphs, and; to read others: And also,

N* 25. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lacam

to John Mkkie, Esquire, dated 8th May 1786, inclosing a Copy of a Letter to him from Lord approving his Plan for forming an Harbour in the Bay of Bengal: And also,

N® 26. Copy of the Memorial of Mr. Benjamin Lacam to the Court of Directors, dated 18th August 1786, praying for an Advance of Cash to enable him to purchase Stores, &c. for New , in Bengali

And also,

N® 27. Copy of Paragraphs proposed by the Court of Directors to be sent to their Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal: And also,

N® 28. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Commissioners for the Affairs of to the Court of Directors, dated 28th December 1785: Arid also,

N® 29. Copy of a Letter from Thomas Morton, Esquire, to Charles William Boughton Rouse, Esquire, dated ,5th January 1786: And also,

N® 30. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Commissioners for the Affairs of India to the Court of Directors, dated 19th January 1786: And also,

N® 31. Copy of Paragraphs proposed by the Court of Directors to be sent to their Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal: And also,

N® 32. Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable the Commissioners for the Affairs of Lidia to the Court of Directors, dated 6th April 1786: And also,

N° 33. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Commissioners for the Affairs of India to the Court of Directors, dated 18th July 1786, with a Copy of the Paragraph referred to therein: And also,

N® 34. Copy of a Letter from Thomas Morton, Esquire, to the Right honourable the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, dated 19th July 1786, with a Copy of the Paragraph referred to therein: And also,

N* 35. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Commissioners for the Affairs of India to the Court of Directors, dated 20th July 1786, with a Copy of the Paragraph referred to therein: And also,

N® 36. Extract of the Company’s General Letter to Bengal, dated 21st July 1786: And also,

N® 37. Copy of a Letter from the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George to Admiral Sir Edward Hughes, dated 7th October 17S2: And also,

N® 38. An Account of the Sales of Goods from the East Indies, between the 1st Day of March 1786 and the 1st Day of March 1787, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize to be paid thereout, together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the 1st Day of March 178710 the 1st Day of March 1790; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize to be paid thereout in each Year: And also,

N® 39. Au Account of the Sales of Goods from China between the 1st Day of March 1786 and the 1st Day of March 1787, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize to be paid thereout, together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1787 to the 1st Day of March 1790; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and

Charges

7i3

2° Mail.

d. 1787.

Charges of Merchandize to be paid thereout in each Year: And also,

N® 40. The Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great , as the same stood upon the 1st Day of March 1787: And also,

N* 41. An Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the 1st Day of March 1786, and of their Receipts

further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lottery.

and Payments in England from the 1st Day of March That, towards raising the Supply granted to llis Ma-1786 to the 1st Day of March 1787, together with an jesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Fifty-six thou-Estimate of the Receipts and Payments from the 1st sand Eight hundred and Seventy-five Pounds be raised Day of March 1787 to the 1st Day of March 1790; by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty distinguishing each Year. thousand Tickets, at Fifteen Pounds Two Shillings

Norwich

Election

Committee

appointed.

Committee on Swansea Paving Bill revived.

and Niue Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 4th Day of May next, make a Deposit, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: For and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds, on or before the 22d Day of June next; Two Pounds on or before the 10th Day of August next; Three Pounds on or before the 19th Day of October next; One Pound Ten Shillings on or before the 23d Day of November next; Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 20th Day of December next; and Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 17th Day of January 1788; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments; that the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1787, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 1st Day of June 1788, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, between the Words "of" and " ," the Words " this Instant," and by leaving

out, after the Word " May," the Word " next."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree w’ith the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Fifty-six thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-five Pounds be raised by Wav of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty thousand Tickets, at Fifteen Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 4th Day of this Instant May, make a Deposit, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every County of Glamorgan, and certain Parts near or ad- such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Pay-ioinine thereto, and for removing and Dreventing Nui- mentg to t]ie Cashiers on or before the Times

herein after limited; that is to say: For and in respect

Together with Lists of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lists were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts, N°' 38, 39, 40, and 41, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Accounts are preserved amongst Jthe other Papers of this Session.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of John Macnamara, and John Stanley, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows;

John Galley Knight, Esquire, William Lawrence, Esquire, James Amyatt, Esquire, Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, Janies Bland Burges, Esquire, John Heky Addington, Esquire, General Sir Adam

Fergusson, Baronet,. the Honourable John Eliot, Edward Phelips, Esquire, Sir William Baro-

net, Robert Fanshaxce, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, John Macnamara,. Esquire, John Stanley, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of and County of the same City, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the

joining thereto, and for removing and preventing Nui sances and Annoyances therein, was committed, be revived.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do sit, and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Report Way* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

and Meaa». the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the 22d Day of June next; Two Pounds on or before the 10th Day of August next; Three Pounds on or before the 19th Day of October next; One Pound Ten Shillings on or before the 23d Day of November next; Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 20th Day of December next; ana Two Pounds Ten Shillings

Oil

'Till

;D«t]

It-

Sail

ft, &

id*

:led.

r:an

-its

I fill

Sfc

32 Ol <ll

2° Ma

2'] Geo. III.

on or before the 17th Day of January 17S8; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments; that the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1787, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 1st Day of June 1788. as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of llis Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied, from lime to 'lime, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution, as agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cluincellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Pitfcrran Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Coals Duty a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Ma-a!rd Jcsty's Treasury to purchase of the Proprietors of Coal a' ' Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of in

the County of Fife, the Right of Exemption from Payment of tile Duty <in Coals exported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for Sale of llouies, &c. belonging lo HuM'ijediy planted.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to His Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American

Loyalists

CoilMllS-

noners Bill presented.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Account of His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Money issued give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to flis Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon ag&iiut Mr. Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Mattings de- Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, fcrred. to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Has-

u O

tings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 11th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 42.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Articles of Monday last, for taking into further Consideration, ImPeacll~. upon Tuesday next, the Report which was made from MrJtastings the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare deferred. Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings,

Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act made in the Twenty- Bill- third Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Proceedings of " the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland'' _

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion reposed, That a Committee be appointed to enquire i?tIV. l"n^e into the present State of the Representation of the tion'in*Par-Commons of Great Britain in Parliament; liament su-

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; perseded. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. William 1

Grenville, !

Mr. North: J

Mr. Alderman Saw- j

bridge, i

Sir 1 Vat kin Levees: J

101.

57-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means de-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ferred-raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Term of Aberbrothock Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign Two Pennies of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the *jc°ts Bill Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for de erre laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- c,0ppiy ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer Bill for farm-have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of ing Duties on the Clock. P8St Horses

And he moved the House accordingly. commute

And the Question being put, That the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth S y 8 T Year

714 — 30 Mail. 1787.

Ye«r of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses iet to lure for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the 6ame, be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle* for the Yeas,{^;

TeU^for

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved , That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

162.

95-

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 3° die Mail;

Anno 27* Georgii IIP8 Regis, 1787.

Mr. James Brewster, a Master Builder and Mason, being examined, said. That there is a Guildhall in die Borough of Grantham, where the Alderman and Burgesses hold their Session — That in the Guildhall there is a Court House, and Rooms for the Alderman and Burgesses, and Junes, and also Apartments for a Gaoler, and a Gaol for Prisoners — That the Whole of the Building is very ancient, and the Room where the Sessions are held, and the Gaol, are in such a State of Decay, and so incapable of being repaired, that he is of Opinion it will be absolutely necessary to re-build the same.

Mr. John Langwith confirmed the foregoing Evidence; and being examined, said, That the Gaoler’s Apartments are in such a State, that they may be repaired. — And he produced to your Committee a Plan and Estimate of the Expence of taking down the present Guildhall and Gaol, and of re-building the same, and of repairing the Gaoler’s Apartments. — And he added, That the Expence thereof will amount to the Sum of f. 1,000, and upwards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for talcing down the Guildhall in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and re-building the same: And that Mr. Cuand Me. George Sutton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Poor Bib Order, a Bill for more effectual Relief of the Poor, PreseiUtli> and ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard Children:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

liJBli

'.y

.sfllll

Prayers.

Milford Road Mr. Garforth presented to the House, according to

Bill pre- Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging

ented. the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haskmere, to the Portsmouth Road, between Lippoc/c and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, so far as the same relates to the repairing and amending the Road leading from the Village of Milford aforesaid, through Haskmere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone, near Farnhurst Lane, in the said County of Surrey: And the same wa3 received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Gcoi'ge Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Melbourat cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure Bill the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Presentedi Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Melbourne and King’s Newton, in the Parish and Lordship of Melbourne, in the County of Dei'by: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Sawley cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing InclosureBil! the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Pre6euted-mon Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Grantham Mr, Cust reported from the Committee, to whom Guildhall the Petition of the Aldermen and Burgesses of the Petition re- Borough of Grantham with the Soke, in the County of por ’ Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where foe same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of foe said Petition, John Lely, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Soke of Grantham is an extensive District or Liberty of several Miles, including the Borough of Grantham, and several other Towns and Parishes — That the Borough of Grantham is incorporated by the Name and Style of Alderman and Burgesses of the said Borough — That the said Alderman and Twelve of the Burgesses are Justices of foe Peace for the said Borough and Soke, and are legally empowered to hold Sessions of the Peace for the same. Then 2

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Little Eaton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing InclosureBil! foe Common Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Pre!ented-Waste Grounds, in the Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little Chester, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Chester Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Roads Roads Bill from the City of Chester to foe Woodside Ferry, in the Pr*8enW<l-Township of Birkenhead, in foe County of Chester, and from the said City to the Custom House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Neston, in the said County, and from Great Neston aforesaid to the said wdside Ferry, and from the Road leading from the City of Chester, to Parkgate aforesaid to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry:

And foe same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir

U:

V.*]

27 Geo. III. 3 0 Mai715

Blows of a Sir John Trevelyan reported from the Select Corn-Member on a mittee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of Commute*. pejjtion Df jghn Esquire, complaining of

an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, That the said Committee met this Morning, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Yesterday, and Hairy James Pye, Esquire (one of the Members of the said Select Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to sit for One Hour, and then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And Sir John Trevelyan informed the House, That he had received a Letter from the said Mr. Pye, acquainting him that he was very much indisposed, and unable to attend the said Committee.

And the House being informed that Mr. Churchill, Apothecary, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined, upon Oath, as to the present State of Mr. s Health, and informed the House, That Mr. Pye had been taken ill with a Eever, but was now somewhat better, and might probably be able to attend his Duty on the said Committee Tomorrow.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have Leave to proceed Tomorrow Morning, pursuant to their Adjournment, although Mr. Pye should not be able to attend.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In-Horses and spector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Malt export- Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, e presented. at t|ie jjarj preseuted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Horses exported from Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1780 to the 5th of January 1787; distinguishing each Year, and the Ports from whence, and the Countries to which, the same have been exported: And also,

An Account of the Amount of all Malt exported, from Scotland, from Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1786; distinguishing the Quantity of each Year, and the Ports from which, and to which, such Malt was exported; also, the Quantity of Malt exported, from Midsummer 178G to the 20th of 1787.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Clerkenwell Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according to Church Bill Order, a Bill for pulling down the Church of Saint presented. James, at Clerkaacell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Duchy of Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order,

Lancaster a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth

M present- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of " the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of eer-

" tain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to

" enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements " within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth " of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy," and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said

Vol. 42.

Duchy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Foley’s upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Divorce Biff. Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Edward Foley with the Right honourable Lady Ami

Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Crewe took the Chair of the 'Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Ml to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Pepys: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bristol for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and Church Bill. County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery, or Church Y'ard, and Parsonage House, within the new Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ah Biueswell Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of RiUeswell, in the County of Leiwithout any Amendment

And then die Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Surgeons of House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming a Edinburgh Charter or Letters Patent, granted by His Majesty to Charter Bill the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of presen e the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows, and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations, and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie read a Second Time.

A Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture Thread Mi-of Thread, was read a Second Time. nufacture Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual an Act, scotch J»$-tnade in the Twenty-third Y'ear of the Reign of His ticiary Bill present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Passed>

" the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and " Circuit Courts in Scotland," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the

" Proceedings

Petition in Favour of Hull Docks Bill.

Martin and Linwood Inclosure, &c. Bill reported, and re-com-cuitted.

Hanley Chapel Bill presented.

716 $ Mail. A. 1787.

" Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Stafford, for vesting the Right of Nomination in TrusCourts in Scotlandtees, and for enlarging the ° Chapel Yard, and other

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do Purposes: And the same was received; and read the carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur- First Time.

rence. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the enlarging and extending the Bason or Dock at Kingston upon Hull, for the making additional. Works there,

for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company at Kingston upon

Hull, and applying the Money arising therefrom, for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at " ston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty's " Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Cotnmerce, in the Port of Kingston upon Hull', for " making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, " Roads, and other Works for the Accommodation " of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating " certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for " applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those Purposes; " and for establishing other necessary Regulations within " the Town and Port of Kingston upon ,"and for rendering the said Act more effectual: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thoroldreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens within the Hamlet of in the Parish of Timberland, and within the Parish of Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining

and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Limcood, in the said Parish of Blankney, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills /of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of fibout 128 Acres of Land, and One Toftstead; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be inclosed and drained by the Bill, consists of 4,677 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Number of Commonable Houses and Toftsteads, having Right of Common, amount to 116; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for taking down, and rebuilding the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of

Sir James Tylney Long presented to the House, ac- vranstea<f cording to Order, a Bill for re-building the Church Church Bill of the Parish of Saint Mary, Wan alias JYanstead, presented-in the County of Esses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Baring reported from the Committee, to whom Petition for the Petition of several Gentlemen, Justices of the additional Peace, and others, of the County of Devon, was refer- q"^* red; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Bill reported, the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed the Committee, That the carrying into Execution the Proposal of Denys Rolle,

Esquire, mentioned m his Petition presented to this House, bn the Eighth Day of March last, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for discharging the said Denys Rolle, and his Heirs, from the Office of Keeper of the Gaol for the County of Devon, will be advantageous to the Public; and that it would be of great Utility if Provision was made in the said Bill for enlarging and improving the said Gaol, and for re-building the same in the Place where it now stands situated, or in some other Place, and for taking down the Chapel, now situate within the Castle of Exeter, for the Purpose of making the Avenues to the Courts of Justice in the said Castle more commodious.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for discharging Denys Rolle, Esquire, and his Heirs, from the Office of Keeper of the Gaol for the County of Devon, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for improving and enlarging the said Gaol, or building a new one, and also for pulling down the Chapel in the C astle of Exeter; und for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Hull Docks Reading of the Bill for the enlarging and extending Bill defcmA. the Bason or Dock at Kingston upon Hull, for the making additional Works there, for the selling or otherwise disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and applying the Money arising therefrom, for limiting the Profits of the several Subscribers or Owners of Shares, and also the Rates and Duties mentioned in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon " Hull, for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce, in the Port of Kingston upon for making

" a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads,

" and other Works, for the Accommodation of " Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating " certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for " applying certain Sums of Money out oi' His Majesty’s " Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes;

" and for establishing other necessary Regulations " within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull," and for rendering the said Act more effectual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

7 Ordered,

I'<

JIsIl / >

ftfn-

>on

'.'T&Sj

>dj

}Ad-

-rmient

:i pr*'

3t of di vhu tile E Of 4 ^ea-

Vrto

27 Geo. III. 30 — 4e Mail. 717

S,f;

v 11

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Order for The House was moved, That the Order made Papers re- Yesterday, " That there be laid before this House, lative to Hull the different Memorials and Letters, presented to Itarhour dis- t|ie Treasury and Customs, during this Session of c *0* Parliament, on the Subject of the Dock Bu-

" siness, with the Report the Customs have made " thereupon," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Bill for farm- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ing Duties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred.6*’ upon the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to Shrewsbury whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering ^oa^dBlgn([ and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the r^commit-Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing usd. the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston to

Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Roads from Preston Brockhurst aforesaid to the Warren House on Frees; from Hexoportto Chester;from Sand ford to;

from High Ercall, and Crudington, to and from Waters Upton to the Pinfold in Child’s Ercall, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

3*

Dill to pre- Sir JCat kin Hues presented to the House, according

vent Frauds to Order, a Bill to prevent Fraud.- in the Loading and measure Delivery of Coals sold by Ship or Pool Measure, within of Coals pre- ^1C Cities of London and 11 est minster, or on either Side noted. of the River Thames, from Bridge to the utmost Extent of the Parishes of Stepney,

alias St ebon Heath, and Saint , unlatch, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent; and to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure between the Parish of Mary,

Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and the utmost Extent of the Parish of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the F’irst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account of Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Seamen who Order,

S? ore of An Account of the Number of Seamen who pay to disabled Sea- the Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, men, fcc. in the Merchants Service, to the Corporation of Mer-Presented. chant Venturers of Bristol, from the 1st Day of January

1780 until the 31st Day of December 1785, both Years inclusive.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Maii;

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to Potion for whom the Petition of John G Esquire, Lord prov^onia. Provost, for himself, and the other Members of the L*jtbHar-Tow n Council of the City of Edinburgh, was re- hour Bill referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter ported, of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Grieve, Esquire, Lord Provost of Edinburgh, being examined, said, That it will be proper, in the Bill now depending, to amend certain Parts of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the said City, so far as concern the Sum of 'Ten Pounds per Centum of One Year’s valued Rent, directed to be levied by the said Acts, and the Collection and Application of the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for erecting Docks and other Buildings; for widening and making Hoads to the said Harbour; for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same; and, for increasing the Number of the City Guard, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to amend certain Parts of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum of One Year’s valued Rent, directed to be levied by the said Acts, and the Collection and Application thereof.

Answer to Address.

Anno 27* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That Fern Field, and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty the said Lordship, and the Lordship of would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Bishop, in the county of : And the same

the Account therein mentioned might be laid before was received; and read the F’irst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Martin and whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Low Linwood in-

8 17 Lands ciosure> *nd

this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accord-

48.

ingly.

Vol

Mr. Medows presented to the House, according to Cropwell In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste PrMent* Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Butler, and a certain Field and Meadow, called The

718

4° M

A. 1787.

Drainage re- Lands and Common Fens within the Hamlet of Martin, R'n'rmltrt«a *n ^e Parish of Tmberland, and within the Parish of 1 Tef° Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in art the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stamfordand A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Grantham Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years R°ad the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

commi te . gecon(j) for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in die County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Cast, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Newcastle Mr. Brandling reported from the Committee, to Playhouse whom the Petition of John Erasmus Blackett, Edward ported" Bale, George Colpitts, George John Graham

Clarke, Ralph Heron, and Nathaniel Clayton, all of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, Esquires, was referred; That the C ommittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Jobling being examined, said, That the said Town of Neuxastle is very large and populous; that a great Number of People of Fortune and Consequence reside therein and in the Neighbourhood, the Principal of whom have by voluntary Subscriptions erected Buildings within the said Town, properly situated for the Purpose of a Playhouse; for which Subscribers the Gentlemen who have signed the Petition are Tiustees; that it would be the Means of providing a rational and desirable Amusement for the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood, if a Patent or Licence were obtained for the Represen* tation of Theatrical Entertainments within the said Buildings.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And that Mr. Brandling and Sir Matthew White Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Hunperford’s Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Estate bill whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, passed! ’dru An Act for vesting the Tythes and Estate at Orton, in the County of Northampton, belonging to Jesus Hospital, in the same County, in John Peach Hungerford, Esquire, for his Life, with Remainders over, and for settling a Rent Charge out of the said Estate, and other Hereditaments of the said John Peach Hunger-ford, at Orton aforesaid, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-

ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, ac- gill .„ cording to Order, a Bill for enabling the Mayor, and Mooring of Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, to Vessels in purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, between London Bridge and Bugbys Hole, together with 8ented. ’ the Right of renewing and removing the same, and putting down others, and for regulating the lying and Mooring of Ships and Vessels within certain Parts of the Port of London: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cust presented to the House, according to Grantham Order, a Bill for taking down the Guildhall in the Guildhall Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and ®,*’lePre* re-building the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for re-building the Pier of Margate, in the Margate Pier Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertain- and Paving ing, establishing, and recovering, certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits for the mi ’ Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and public Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen, within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Robinson, Mr. Gipps, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing and leasing, or letting, certain Uttoxeter Commons or Waste Grounds, lying within the Town- inclosare Bill ship or Constablewick of Uttoxeter, in the County comm, lte of Stafford, called The High Wood and The Heath, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or public Expences within the said Township or Constablewick, and within the Constablewick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gipps, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Patrick Hadaxvay, James Gordon, Wal- Petition ter Gibson, John Hadaway, William Brown, Charles Peacock, Andrew Paton, and David Stead, was pre- ar our 1 ’ sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for erecting Docks, and other Buildings, for widening and making Roads to the said Harbour, for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same, and, for increasing the Number of the City Guard; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers of certain valuable Grounds lying between the great Road leading from Edinburgh to Leith and the Road leading from Edinburgh, by Broughton and Bon-nington, to the Yard Heads of Leith, through which a new Road from Leith to Leith Mills is intended by the said Bill to be made; and that the Lord Provost,

1 Magistrates,

itt

;lI

to.

Hi

.0

r.;

Petition igainst Leith Harbour Bill.

Ditto.

Member added to bring in Lewes, &c. Small Debts Bill.

47 Geo. III. 40 Mail.

719

Magistrates, and Council of Edinburgh, not satisfied with Sixty Feet Breadth for the said Road, are by the Bill to have a Power to oblige the Petitioners to part with their valuable Property, to the Extent of Sixty Feet Breadth of Ground on each Side of the said Road, on which they propose to build Houses and Warehouses, and raise an Estate to the Community of at the Expence of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Richard Tod and Thomas Stoddart, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, it is intended by the said Bill to remove Leith Mills, the Property of the Petitioner Richard Tod, and occupied by him, and the other Petitioner, Thomas Stoddart, which Mills are of great public Utility, and consist of a Com Mill, Saw Mill, and Barley Mill, with some Fields, Houses, and Islands adjoining; and that upon the Possession of those Mills the Petitioners Trade and Business depends, and if taken from them, no possible Retribution can be made to them; and the Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh, who are by the Bill impowered to remove the same, will have it in their Power likewise to give the Petitioners Property and Business to any Person they shall please to favour: .' nd therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of John Scougall, Assistant Master, and Andrew Cossets, Depute Master of the Incorporation

of Ship Masters in Leith, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that certain Tolls and Duties in Name of Anchorage, Beaconage, Pilotage, and certain Fees to the Shore Master of Leith, and his Deputy, are to be levied by the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Edinburgh, which the Petitioners conceive they have no Right to by any Grant or Charter, and those Exactions are now under Challenge, and the Subject of a Suit in the Court of Session in Scotland; and that the Petitioners conceive there are other substantial Objections to the said Bill in its present Form, particularly in the proposed Mode of levying the Prime Gilt belonging Jo the said Incorporation: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Sea, New Shoreham, Did Shoreham, Lancing, Reeding,

Bramber, Steyning, Ash hurst, He and -

coate, in the Rape of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

Mr. Henry Pelham presented to the House, accord- Lewes, &c. ing to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Re- Small Debts covery of Small Debts within the Rapes of Lewes and ^nte^e’ Peoensey, and the several Parishes of King-

ston by Sea, Neio Shoreham, Old Shoreham, Lancing,

Beeding, Bramber, Steyning, AshIdenfield, and Woodmancoate, in the Rape of Bramber, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Foley’s Di. to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Edward vorce Foley with the Right honourable Lady Ann Coventry, passe ’ his now Wife, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Duchy of Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Lancaster " An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the " Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain " Fee-farm Rent*, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within " their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of " Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy," and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Gabriel Powell, of Swansea, in the Petition County of Glamorgan, Esquire, was presented to the against House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better |WttnseaR-., paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the several ^dVing 1 Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and certain Parts near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That several Parts of the said Bill will, if passed into a Law, be oppressive and injurious to the Petitioner, and others, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the said Town: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect himself and others,

Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the said Town, and that the same may riot pass as it now stands, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Pelham be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring A Bill for naturalizing Frederick Hippius, was read a Hippius’s

in, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Second Time. Nat> Bill

of Small Debts within the Rapes of Lewes and Pecen- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scott, comm‘tte* sey, and the several Parishes of Southwick, Kingston by of West Looe, Sir James ike.: And they are

Vol. 41. to

720

4° Mail.

A. 1787.

Devon Gaol Bill pre-tented.

Glasgow Road Bill reported.

Cattle and Provisions.

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Petition within the Time limited by the House for Speaker’s Chamber. receiving Petitions for private Bills: And therefore

praying, That they may now be at Liberty to present Mr. Baring presented to the House, according to a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills,

Order, a Bill for discharging Denys Rode, Esquire, to prevent Forestalling and Regrating, and for li-and his Heirs, from the Office of Keeper of the Gaol censing Salesmen, Factors, and others, employed in

for the County of Devon, for improving and en- the Sale of Cattle, or other Provisions, or to have

larging the said Gaol, or building a new one, and also such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House

for pulling down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter, shall seem meet.

and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leavegivti. same was received; and read the First Time. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. given to present a Petition, as desired by the said

Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to London, in Common Council assembled." whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and The House being informed that one of the Sheriffs

enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the of the City of London attended at the Door he was

Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the ’ A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Petition to Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so Commons of the City of London, in Common Council prevent Fore, far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to assembled.

Redburn Bridge, and for altering the Course of the And then he withdrew.

Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for repair- And the said Petition was read; Containing the

ing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, in same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And the County of Stirling, was committed; That the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill,

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, or Bills, to prevent Forestalling and Regrating, and and found the same to be true; and that the Com- for licensing Salesmen, Factors, and others employed mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several in the Sale of Cattle, or other Provisions, or to have Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House to teport to the House; and he read the Report in shall seem meet.

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Table, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Account of Imprest and other Public Monies re- Imprest the House. maining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Par- ^e^es or"

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be liament. ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Accounts The House being informed that one of the Sheriffs the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Piesentei Leave to pre- of the City of London attended at the Door; he was in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant non 6 Pet* called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, to their Address to His Majesty,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and An Account of all Sums of Money which have Addresi

Commons of the City of London, in Common Council been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Money* assembled. Addresses of this House, and which have not been

And then he withdrew. made good by Parliament.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, Mr. Haworth «also, from the Exchequer, presented

That the great Advance in the Price of Meat, and to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

other Provisions, of late Years, by distressing the mid- An Account of the Monies which have been issued American

dling and lower Classes of People, has a Tendency, in to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to Loyalists,

the Apprehension of the Petitioners, immediately to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and injure, and at Length to destroy the Manufactures which have not been made good by Parliament: And and Commerce of the Kingdom; and that the Peti- also,

tioners are advised, and believe, that such Ad- An Account of the Monies which have been issued East Florida,

vance has been partly occasioned, and is likely to in- to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to crease, by the Repeal, in the Twelfth Year of His enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have

present Majesty, of most of the Laws, which the Wis- suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the

dom and Experience of our Ancestors had found ne- Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King cessary to prevent Forestalling and Regrating Cattle, of Spain: And also,

and other Articles of Provision, and the Petitioners An Account of the Monies which have been issued CrownLands. apprehend the said Evils may in some Degree be to- the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to removed, by reviving to a proper Extent the Laws enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

against Forestalling and Regrating, and by ascer- Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown:

taining, licensing, and regulating, the Persons em- And also,

ployed as Salesmen or Factors in Cattle and other Pro- An Account of Imprest and other public Monies imprest

visions; and that the Petitioners have entered into remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Monies,

a very serious Investigation of the Cause of the said Parliament.

« Evils, which, from the Importance of the Subject, has And then he withdrew'.

occupied their Attention for a great Length of Time, And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

and has thereby prevented them from presenting a The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Petition for

To

721

37 Geo. III.

4° Mail.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament

Between 5th July and 10th October 1786. between 10th October 1786 and 5th January 1787. Between 5th January and 5th April 1787. Between 5 th April and 5th July 1787.

1,500

5,172 16 6

600 -k — —

100

1,528 10 6 1,322 9 — " 1,042 710 162 15 6f

709 17 —

9,611 4 — 1,322 9 — 1,042 710 162 15 6f 1,042 7 10

To John Hatsdl, Esquire, Clerk of the

House of Commons, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the said House - -

Henry Hughs, Esquire, for defraying the Expences attending the piloting the Copies of Bills, Reports, &c. which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons -More to him to defray the Expence of printing 1,500 Copies of the General Index of the first Seven Volumes of the Journals of the House of Commons -

Mr. Henry GumielL, for his Trouble and Charges attending the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, &c.

Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for the Relief of a Number of distressed Black Persons, and Persons of Colour, now in this Country John Nicholls, Esquire, for defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons

Exchequer, the 4th Day of May 1787.

Wilt" Rose Haworth.

1,322 9 — 9,611 4 —

£12,138 16 4*

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to en'quire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament

Between 5th April and 5th July 1786. Between 5th July 1786 and loth Octoberi786. Between 10th October 1786 and 5 th January 1787. Between 5th January and 5th April 1787. Between 5th April 1787 and 5th July 1787.

To John Forster, Gent Se-j cretary of the Commissioners appointed to en-j quire into the Losses off the American Loyalists -) / 481 9 — 961 12 5 1,681 1 VO 0 vo 718 12 6 481 9 — 961 12 5 1,681 603 6 —

£4*45 19 11

Exchequer, the 4th Day of May 1787.

ffilt" Rose Haworth.

Vol. 42.

8 X

To

4* Math 1787.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Perl lament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Between wth October 1786 and 5th January 1787. Between 5th January and 5th April 1787.

To Henry Charles Litchfield, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners') . appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have[ suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the? Province of Ea|t Florida to the King of Spain -J 300 — — GO 44. O O 0 O 1 1 1 1

£700

Exchequer, the 4th Day of 1787.

JVUlm Rose Haworth.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown.

Betweeth 10th October 1786 and 5th January 1787. Between 5th . January and 5 th April 1787. Between 5th April and 5th July 1787.

To John Fordyee, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners! appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of they Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to thef Crown - 500 7OO 1,000 700 500

£ 2,200

Exchequer, the 4th Day of May 1787.

// »//" Rose Haworth.

To

27 Geo. III.

4° Mali.

723

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Imprest and other Public Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition

of Parliament.

Money paid by Capt. W" Twiss, Inspector of Works in Canada -Money paid by Lieut. Col. Crosbie, Master General of the Barracks in North America D* ----- Sir Wilt Chambers, on Account of Buildings -

D° ----- Henry Critchett, on Account of the Militia -

D# — - - - George Aust, Esquire, on Account of D°

D* - - repaid by Col. Clerk, late Barrack Master in America -D® - paid by Col. Cuyler, Commander of the Troops in the West Indies Imprest Money repaid by Will"Merry, Esquire, on Account of the Transport taken on the Way to Gibraltar- ——

D* - -- Lord Viscount Howe - -

D® - -- Richard Rigby, Esquire, late Paymaster of the Forces D® - -- Peter Woulf'c, Esquire, late Governor of the t Military Hospital at Guadeloupe ——

Money paid by Thomas Rumsey, Esquire, Executor of John Richardson, Esquire, late Agent for Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital -

D® ----- - Mathew Forster, late Commissaty General in the Leeward Islands -

D* ----- - Col. Mathew Dixon -

D* ----- - Lieut. General W" Taylor, Brigadier General in East Florida -

D® - D.Barclay, Esquire, on Account of Tomlinson, Colebroke, and

Nesbitt -

D® - James Fitter, and Dcspard Croasdale, Esquires, on Account of vacant Commissions, and Non-effective Men, in the Surrey Militia -

Lottery Licences, A* 1785 - - - -....

D® - - - - A® 178(3 -

Contributions to Annts. A® 1760 ——

Assiento Contract -

£ s. d.

3,735 9 5

341 4 —

62 9 11

2,500

1,550 —

313 1 H

532 6 1

58 2 4

819 ~ 51

55,000 — .

9 5 1

1,000

355 9 3

366 7 nf

124 i 10 6

4,173 1 19 8

1.000 -

87.5 5 4

1.000 — — 283 18

2-----

£74,162 910

Exchequer, the 4th Day of May 1787.

Will" Rose Haworth.

Ordered, That the Four first of the said Accounts do Bill sent from the Lords, for enabling the surviving lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of Trustees and Executors of John late Earl of Ashburn-the House. ham, deceased, to sell and convey his Estate at Bre-

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts be re- therton, in the County of Lancaster, pursuant to the ferred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom Directions, and for the Purposes in his Will, might be it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for read.

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said ingrossed Bill from the Sussex Gaol An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Scite, Build- Bill read, and Act for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the ings, and other the Premisses belonging to the old

" aside. Premisses belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the Gaol or Prison of the County of Sussex, in Trustees,

County of Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purpose of for the Purpose of conveying the same to the Right

conveying the same to the Right honourable Frances honourable Frances Viscountess and her Heirs,

Viscountess 1ruin, and her Heirs, and to declare the and to declare the new Gaol or Prison, lately built, new Gaol or Prison, lately built, to be the Com- to be the Common Gaol for the said County, be laid

mon Gaol for the said County, was read the First aside.

Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ^?.seXj?a^ put, That the said Bill be read a Second Time; for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the Premisses or *

It passed in the Negative. belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the County of

A Motion being made, That the said Bill be laid Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purposes of conveying the

aside; same to the Right honourable Frances Viscountess

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Invin, and her Heirs, and to declare the new Gaol Journal of the House, of the 11th Day o {April 1753, or Prison lately built, to be the Common Gaol for of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the the said County: And that Mr. Steele, Lord George Vol. 42. ' Henry

7H 4* iMSw. 1787.

Henry Lennox, and Mr. Thomas Pelham, do prepare, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain R/>gni»tfop«f and bring in, the same. and Restrictions.

Siukx Gaol Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Bill pre- Order, a Bill for vesting the Seite, Buildings, and other

sented. the Premisses belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the County of Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purposes of conveying the same to the Right honourable Frances Viscountess Irwin, and Her Heirs, and to declare the new Gaol or Prison, lately built, to be the Common Gaol for the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Plymouth The House was moved, That the Petition of the Harbour Fe- Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, Merchants, ferred to a Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, Committee, which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to fob Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Macbride, Captain Fanshawe, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hatfield Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to C*eBiUm*n" w^om ^e Bill for better draining and preserving cer-ported. re" tain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Isle of in

the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee baa considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands rated, for the Purpose of Draining, at £.121. 45. 4 per Annum, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to it; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands rated, as aforesaid, at £.36. 18 4 per

Annum, who could not be met with; and also except the Proprietors of Lands rated, as aforesaid, at £.18. 8«.

per Annum, who refused their Consent; and that the whole Property to be rated by virtue of the Bill is rated at £1,570. 13$. per Annum); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Trade with Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Kingston, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Savannah le House, to consider of allowing the Importation and ar’ c* Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah le Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Huntingdon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, in the room of Lancelot Brown, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, o{ SuPP1y-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. Papers re-

And the said Order being read accordingly; ferred.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the African Company of Merchants trading to Africa, together with Company's the several Accounts thereunto annexed, be referred to et, tion* the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums wanted for Estimate of the Service of the Year 1787, at Somerset Place, s"®» towards Payment of Arrears due to different Tradesmen for Works done, and towards carrying on the necessary pi^ Works at the new Offices and Officers Houses erecting the re during the Remainder of the present Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the Estimate of new Roads of Communication, and -of building the Scotch Road* Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the and Bndge*’ Year 1787, pursuant to the Order of the Honourable Lieutenant General Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Account of

Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to reimburse the Sum of £. 2,600 paid r' ot’ by him, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, appointed to repair to Nova Scotia, or any other Part of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for their Expences in foe Execution of their Commission, and also the Fees attending foe Receipt thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to D*. Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of foe Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by John Brown, Esquire, Acting Governor of the Bahama Islands, Walter Paterson,

Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Johny John Parr, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and Thomas Carleton, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to D*. Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of foe Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to euable him to pay the Representatives of Richard Bradley for the Value of sundry Articles of Merchandize, bought by him for the Purchase of the Island of Le Mam, in the River Gambia, as a Settlement for Convicts, and to pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money D° to Mr. which have been issued out of His Majesty’s Civil Mouat. List Revenues, by Orders of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Mr. James Mouat, Chief Clerk in foe Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices on

Account

1*1

43

St

itec

Jlor

ton

iior6<

27 Geo. III.

4® Mali.

725

5<t,

of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Exin their Office, which have not been made Parliament, be referred to the said Com-

ity

'flj.

ii».

l

u

At

Report on

Mr.Jenkio-

oaiPetition

Report 00 Mr. Pole's Petition.

Statement

lapccting

American

Lejalut*.

Account pences good by mittee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of David of Charing Cross, in the County of Middlesex, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of Pole, Agent

for Masahod de la Mar, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Statement of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made up to Lady Day last, be referred to the said Committee.

Tiien the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee* That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

{Mr. John James Ha*

milton,

Mr. Rose:

Tellers for the No*.([l1' M MaUUmi-

147.

too.

Mr. Grey:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Duties on Ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole Licences u>

lion fA aamoi/Iam TAnSins An 1*6 tftll Spirit!

008 Liquors*

House* to consider of imposing additional Duties on re, allsPmt0‘

Licences to be taken out by Persons who retail Spirituous Liquors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Claims which have been Lasy Honda heard and liquidated* and an Account of the Sum at ^ted'order

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was which they have been liquidated, by the Commissioners ed.

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit a^ain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee oA Bill for firming Ditties on

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or r«THorecs. Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in

the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Sum at which they have been liquidated, by the Com-on.Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, missioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Conse-

appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, grade up to May 4th* 1787.

The house being informed that Mr. Litchfield, from Ditto the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the East Pre, ente<1' Florida Claims, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant-to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Claims which have been heard and liquidated, and an Account of the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made* and the Question being That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

quence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, made up to May 4th, 1787. put, And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vis.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Claims which have been heard and liquidated, and an Account of the Sum at which they have been liquidated, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of -all Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, made up to May 4th, 1787.

Number of Claims heard. Sum liquidated thereon.

63- _ £. s. d. 34,106, 1. 8.

Office of East Florida Claims;

May 4th 1787. Hen. Cha. Litchfield,

Secrr.

Vol. 42.

8 Y

Ordered,

4* — 7° Mali. A: 17 87;

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, tb be perused by the Members of the House.

Voices to Ordered, That all bdve Vofees who come to the Com-Committee mittee, to whom the Bill’ for dividing and inclosing - Closure Common Fields, Common Pastures, Comirion Bill. MeadoWs, Common Grodnds, and Waste Grounds,

in the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, Merriscourt, and Fmescoutt, in the" Parish

of Shiptan 'under Whichteood, irt the County of Oxford, is committed.

The other Ofder of the Day being read;

Ways and Resoloed, That this Hbusfe-will, upon J/ontfey Morn* Means de- ing next,’resotve' itsfeif !into- a' Cdmniittee of the whole ferred. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ’Supply igeented to His:MijeSty.1'

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning ndxrt, rTen of: the'Clobk.1

t ' <1; .

; , ' ' . > . i»<i — -.I, t.j-. — . u...: w,ii

Tjdtid'i 7* die Mtili; 1 .

AW> 2}% CeorgiiTIl^ itegis, 1787.

Praters.

Assetsmenu TP‘/#R. Speaker acquainted the' Horise, That the on Shops m J_VJ_ Clerk of this House had received, from the’ to 10 General Surveyor’s Office at Edinburgh, a Return to the Order of the Housed of the 13th Day of March, list, " That' there be laid- before this House, an " Account of1 the Ahhoritit of the Assessments made orf " allS’hfops, by‘ an Afct1 of the Twenty-fifth of HlS' " present Majesty, for One Year, ending at " lait; distinguishing: hdr* rilueh' of the said Assessmerits' have been made for eath County, and for' " each City,' Borough, dr Town Corporate, in such' " County, and how much for each Market Town,

" riot being5 a' City, Bbfdugh; or Town Corporate, " iri eadh Couftty; arid what is the highest Sum " assessed for any Shop iri such Market Towns respectively and that the said Return Was now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the TaBle, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dillingham’* Sir Edward Astley reported from the Committee, to Estate Bill tfhbm’the ingrossbd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An, reported, and Act for"vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Bed-passed. ford, Northampton, Essex, , and Cambridge,

devised by the Will of Theophilus Dillingham, Esquire, deceased, in Dillingham Brampton Dillingham,

Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in the Cotlnty of Norfolk, to the same Uses as the devised Estates now stand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Billj and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved , That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir EdwaAstley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the- several Persons whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being Owners of1 Estates in the additional County of Chester, was presented to the House, and Chester" *" read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending and Roads BilL widening the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Foxy, in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester, and from the said City to the Custom House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Neston, in the said County, and from Great Neston aforesaid to the said Woodside Ferny, and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to aforesaid to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry; and Setting forth, That certain small Parts of the Roads, leading from the Road betwecii the City of Chester and the Woodside Fo'ry to certain Ferries, called The New Ferry and The Rock Ferry', within the Township of Lower B and Bebbington, and to East ham or Car left Ferry House, in the Township of Eastham, all in the said County of Chester, are out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and it would be a'Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and an Accommodation to the Public, if Provision WaS made itr the5 said Bill for amending and widening the 'said1 EeVerdl 'Parts of the said Roads': And therefore praying,; ThatProv'raibn maybe made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners nmy have such other ReKefin the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Orafererf,.That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a’ Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the sairte, as it shall appear to them,’ to the House:

And it is’ referred to Mr. CrewMr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for amending and widening the Roads from Chester the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry, in the Town- Roads Bill ship of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester, and front vommittsd, ti* said City to the Custom House in Parkgate, in the'

Township of Great Neston in the said County, and from Grtctt Neston aforesaid to the said Woodside Ferry, and front the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Foxy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewei Mr. Vyner. &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Captain Macbride reported from the Committee, to Plymouth whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Harbour Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Plymouth, was referred; That the Com- rep

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Gaborien, a Lieutenant in the Navy, being examined, said, That Plymouth Sound is an open Road, and unsafe for Merchant Ships and small Ships of War to ride with Safety in — That in Gales of Wind tb the Southward Catuater and Sutton Pool are the only Places of Safety to which they can resort — That the Prevalence of those Winds occasions the Harbours of Cutwater and Sutton Pool to fill up, and greatly diminishes the Depth of Water.

Then an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for cleansing, preserving, and in maintaining the Harbour of Cutwater, lying near Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for cleansing and keeping clean the Pool, commonly called

Pirl

Cha

Stafl

Cl

Hat

HI

m

Saltj

too

vUX

XJ Geo. III. 7° Math

in

called S&ttan Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid, was a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the

read, whereby a Power was given to Benjamin J(notes, Borough of in the County of Cornwall.

of Plynwuth;to cleanse the said: Harbours of Cat- And aka, That the said Select Committee have de-.

water and Sutton Pool, in the Manner therein men- termined,

tioned, for the Term of Seventy-one Years from the That John Lemon, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought 25th of March 1710, which Term is now expired. — to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Then Parliament for the said Borough of Saltash.

Colonel Matthew Dixon, Engineer, being examined, And also, That the said Select Committee have de-

said, That Sutton Pool was formerly defended from the termined,

Violence of the-Sea by a Pier, erected at its Entrance,' That the said John Lemon, Esquire, is duly elected which is now washed down, and the Shipping and a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Wharfs within the Pool are now greatly exposed to said Borough of Saltash.

the Violence of the Sea. And the said Determinations were ordered to be

Then a Member present informed your Committee,* entered in the Journals of this House.

That the Damages sustained within the last five Years Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do to the Shipping and Wharfs within the Pool, by. the attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Violence of the Sea, for Want of a Pier at its Em Return for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of trance, amount rto the Sum of £11,200 and upwards* Cornwall, and amend the same, by rasing out the as appears by an Account thereof, proved before the Name of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Mayor of Plymouth', and he also produced to your inglon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and inserting the Committee an Estimate of the Expence of cleansing Name of John Lemon, Esquire, instead thereof, the Harbours of Catwater and Sutton Pool, and erect*

ing a Pier at the Entrance of Sutton Pool, and securing Mr. Medows presented to the House, according to Mtcliffeln-

the Isthmus of Mount Batton, amounting to £ 5,000. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open riosureBiii

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste presen Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re* Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to in the County of Nottingham: And the same was re-His Majesty. ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Portsmouth Chapel Bill presented.

Captain Cornwallis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom Hippios's the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Hippius, was com- Nat. Bill remitted; That the Committee had examined the Al- P°rted> legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; -and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition from

thereunto subscribed, being Attornies and Solicitors, the Attornies - 0 - - - ’ of Newcastl-

upon Tyne.

practising in the Courts of Law and Equity, and re* of Newcastle

Stafford Gaol Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee,

Bill reported. j0 w^om (|ie gill for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the several Boroughs, Tbvyns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Races within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively, was committed; That the Committee had sident within the Town and County of the Town of examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and same to be true; and that the Committee had gone read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, before they through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- can be admitted to practise in any of His Majesty’s onto, which they had directed him to report' to the Courts of Law or Equity, are compelled to serve a House; and he read the Report in his Place; and regular Clerkship, and to uddergo an Examination afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; touching their Capacity and fitness for the Conduet in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were of Business in those Courts, and are also subjectto Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One many other Regulations established by various Acts by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- of Parliament, which have proved highly beneficial to upon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amend- the Profession at large; and calculated to bind the Pe-ment was made by the House to the Bill. titioners to the due and punctual Performance of their

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,-be Duty to their respective Clients; and that a Branch ingrossed. of the Profession of the Law, which the Petitioners

also carry on jointly with the proper Business of an Hanley Cha- A Bill for taking down and re-building the Chapel Attorney and Solicitor in the said Courts, and which P*1 com~ of Hanley;in the County of Stafford, for vesting the consists in the preparing and writing Deeds, and other nul Right of Nomination in Trustees, and for enlarging solemn Contracts for the passing and assuring Real and the Chapel Yard, and other Purposes, was read a Personal Estates, and Rights and Interest therein, is Second Time. wholly excluded from the Benefit of the aforesaid Re-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ed- eolations, and may be carried on and practised by ward Littleton, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet Persons of every Description, without any previous

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Admission or Qualification required by Law, which,

Chamber. in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, is attended

with Inconvenience and Prejudice, as well to the Par-Sal tash Elec- Sir John Trevelyan, from the Select Committee who ties concerned, as to the Public in general, inasmuch

were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the as Persons of mean Fortune, Character, and Educa-

Petition of John Lemon, Esquire, complaining of an tion, are thereby permitted to intrude themselves into

undue Election and Return for the Borough of Saltash, that Branch of the Profession; and that the Petitioners

in the County of Cornwall, informed the House, That contribute to Government by various Taxes imposed

the said Select Committee have determined, on them by Parliament in respect of their Admission

That the Right honourable Richard Earl of Mom- and Iurolment, as- Attornies and Solicitors in the seve-ington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is not duly elected- ral Courts above-mentioned, and of their Employment Vot. 42, in

tion determined.

7^8

j* Mali:

A. 1787.

in the same, all of which the'Persons practising only as Conveyancers are wholly exempt from, whereby th'e Fees and Profits of Business, to which the Petitioners would be entitled, are diminished, whilst others dre admitted to a Participation with them of a very lucrative Branch of the Profession, without incurring the same Expences, Disabilities, of Burthens; and the Petitioners also apprehend, that the Laws in Force for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors may be beneficially amended by the Imposition of an additional Duty on Articles of Clerkship, and by a reasonable Regulation limiting a Time for the Taxation, and securing the Payment of their Bills of Fees and Disbursements: And therefore praying the House to take the Articles above stated* and the Laws now in being for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, into Consideration, and that such Regulation may be made for the Remedy of the same as the House shall find proper, and that Leave may be given to bring in One or more Bill, or Bills, for that Purpose, or that such other Relief may be given, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Balby Road Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to Bill reported, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the " Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of " York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham," was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Newcastle Play house Bill presented.

St. George, lltuiover Square, Workhouse Bill reported, and recommitted.

Mr. Jercoise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming the Purchase of a House, situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of George, Hammer Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Wanstead A Bill for re-building the Church of the Parish of

Church Bill fant Mary, Wanstede, alias Wanstead, in the County commuted. of was rea(J # Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Tylney Long, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lawrence reported from the Committee, to Kirkbvmal-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain zeard Inclo-Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish re*

of Kirkbymalzeard, in the County of was com- *H,r *

mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, whose Property is rated to the Land Tax at £11. 5 s. per Annum; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is rated at £.1,995. los.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for pulling down the Church of Saint James, Clerkenwell at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for Church Bill building a new Church, and making a new Church comnMtted-Yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Page, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Newnhampresented to the House, Bakers Com-acconling to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Powers pany Bill and Jurisdiction of the Master, Wardens, and Assist- P1®*01*4* ants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish " Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread,-’ as relates to the Charter and Bye-Laws of the said Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Lastingham Fields within the Township of Lastingham, in the Inclosure North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Knight, Mr. Duncombe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lords Graves: have "«reed

Mr. Speaker, ®°

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Reading Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, Roads Bill, of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road

leading

is*

ibk

*1*

id

rick

&:Bi]

idled,

27 Geo. III.

7° Mail.

729

leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Chipping IVycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

County of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and the House.

Catobcrwell

Lighting and

Watching

BUI.

The Lords bare passed

Saint Alban's, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford, and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better lighting and watching the Village of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The - Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging certain Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Ordered,

ingrossed.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The House being informed that Mr. Sterling, from Accounts of the Commissioners and Directors of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at Hospital pre-the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their seated. Orders,

An Account of the Revenue and Expenditure of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, from the 1st of January 1780 to the 31st of December 1785, both Years inclusive: And also,

An Account of the present State of the Fund of the

Ste BUL ES* Tenements, a°d Hereditaments, in the several Coun- Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and of the

ties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Berks, Part of the Estate of Oldfield Bowles, Esquire, from the Uses,

Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Oldfeld Bowles, with Mary his now Wife, and for settling the Manor of North Aston, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; The First of the said Accounts is preser

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdraw.

Number of Men borne on the Establishment thereof; distinguishing the Expence of the Hospital from that of the Pensioners.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Berwick ltoad Bill reported.

preserved

amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note, The other of the said Accounts was, by Reason of a Mistake therein, withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House of the 14th Instant, and another presented.

Mr. Home reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayton

Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pass of The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Account of Cockbunispath, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called leading from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Corn'*ofPub-' " to their Order, ’ lie Accounts,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued presented, to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Between 5th April and 5th July 1786. Between 10th October 1786 and 5th January 1787. Between 5th January 1787 and 5th April 1787*

To John Lane, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners'] appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public! Accounts of the Kingdom - - - - -J 500 Qt O 0 1 1 500 500 500

L 1,500

Exchequer, the 7th Day of May 1787. Will" Rose

Vol. 42. 8 Z ' Ordered,

730

Mali.

A. 1787.

Papers relative to Hull Harbour, presented.

Haslemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone, near hurst Lane, in the said County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. forth, Mr. Lawther &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

the House, pursuant to their Orders, The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Commits

N* I. Copy of Messrs. Browne and Pilkington’sRe- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for on Callict*

port to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and lantm in April 1787, on their Survey at the Port of Kingston printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by Upon Hull; together with the several Papers referred to vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, in their said Report: And also, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

N° 2. Copy of a Letter to the Commissioners of Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

~ Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the

His Majesty’s Customs, from the Collector and Comp trailer of the Customs at the Port of dated in April 178?, in Answer to the referred Memorial presented by the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Chairman of the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, dated the 30th of March 1787, requesting them to appoint One or more of their well-informed Officers to go to Hull, to survey the Works done there by virtue of an Act,

same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow* Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Duchy of passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Lancaster present Majesty, for establishing a legal Quay and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 1

Dock at the Port of Kingston upon Hull: And also, " An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the

N° 4. Copy of a Letter, written by the Commis- " Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain

’ . - - Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfran-

" chise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within " their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Tini-

sioners of His Majesty’s Customs to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Hull, dated the 5th Day of April 1787, signifying their having

appointed Messrs. Browne and Pilkington to survey the " ber on Lands held of the said Duchyand to Works done there by virtue of an Act, passed in the enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said jesty, for establishing a legal Quay and Dock at King- Duchy, be now read. ston upon Hull.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Com-

Martin and Linwood In* closure, &c.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Ttmberland, and within the Bill passed. Parish of Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, and for Morning,

draining and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Ttmberland, and within the Parish of Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

wIqc

Bill

anted

:'A:t

A Bill for more effectual Relief of the Poor, and P°°r Bill ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard' Children, was coramltte<1* read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rollc,

Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bowles’s Act for discharging certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, j^te BlU Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties rea ' of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Berks, Part of the Estate of Oldfield Bowles, Esquire, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage Milford Road A Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the of the said Oldfield Bowies with Mary his now Wile,

Bill commit- Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth and for settling the Manor of North Aston, and other Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend- Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, ing and widening the Road, from a Place near the of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses,

Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Ports- was read the First Time.

mouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the several Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, so far as

the same relates to the repairing and amending the Road Mr. Rose reported from the Committee who were Report F.<-leading from the Village of Milford aforesaid, through appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near firing-Law*. " expiring,

it

-ill

d.

it

k* ' 1

Cl

27 GEO. III. f Mail 73i

expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the Houae, which of them are St to be revived or continued; That the Committee bad enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-onindemnity solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, I upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have

I omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Empfoy-

I raents; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or

I others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their

I Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and

I for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to

I indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpora*

tions, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, of, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further- Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to AUomies and

Solicitors.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* merits thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Stwley Inclo* A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open ure Bill Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and tomnutted. Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County of Derby, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Melbourne A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Cpm-inclosure Bill mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, committed. an(j Waste Grounds, within the liberties of Melbourne and King's Newton, in the Parish and Lordship of Afelbourne, in the County of Derby, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

L’ttie Eaton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Open inclosure Bill Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, m committed. the Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little Chester, in the County of Derby, was read & Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bill for Sale A Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Grounds be-of Houses, longing to His Majesty, was read a Second Time, to'his Ma-8 Resolved, That foe Bill be committed.

jesty, com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed so a Committee nutted. of the whole House.

Vol. 42.

Resolved, That this House will, upon, Thursday Morn* ing next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners further to Aewncaa esquire info the Losses and Services of all such Persons Wal"<3 who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and en'BiuTom^ Professions, during foe late unhappy Disseqtions in mitted. America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to foe British Government, was read a Second Time.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resofved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon foe said Bill.

A Bill to enable foe Lords Commissioners of His Pitferran Majesty’s. Treasury to purchase, of foe Proprietors of c?a,s DutT Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Fit- commit* fee ran, in foe County of Fife, foe Right of Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Corns exported, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon foe said Bill.

A Bill fqr rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several ion a Tax of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made so Commission-foe last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution er? c0,n* an Act, made in foe same Session, intituled, " An 10111 " Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightysix," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in foe first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for foe Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That fob House will, upon this Day Seven- ' night, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon foe said Bill.

Ordered, That foe Knights of foe Shires, and other Members Membere of fob House, do prepare Lists, fairly written, to prepare of Commissioners Names for executing foe said Act, £i8t8„<£ for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for Lom A ame*' which there have been used to be Commbsioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of foe said Commb-sioners be written at Length.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of Resolutions the House of foe 31st Day of May, in the last Session relative to of Parliament, relative to delivering in Lbts of Com- the.Ll#u» missioned for executing any Land Tax Act, might be rea ‘ read.

And the same were read accordingly, and are as followeth; viz.

u Resolved, That for the future every List of Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Act shall be " delivered in, signed by foe Member delivering in the same, that foe said Lbt be carefully kept by foe f‘ Officer to whom the same shall be intruded, and " that no Person whatever do presume to make any " Alteration in such Lbt, without foe Order of fob " House, or of a Committee thereof."

<fResolved, That every Member delivering in such " List shall, at the Time of foe Delivery thereof, sign (( and deliver a Duplicate thereof, which Duplicate

" shall

73 4 7° Mali. A. 1787.

" shall be kept upon a File, open to the Inspection of any Member of this House."

Duties on Ordered \That the Order of the Day, for the House

mail Stol *tu- reso*ve into a Committee of the whole House,

o«s L^iors.* to consider of imposing additional Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons who retail Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Allowances Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-to Dealers 80]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to WinM*80 consider of certain Allowances to be made to Dealers in Foreign Wines.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ntition for A Petition of Henry Heath, and others, whose Names Leave to are thereto subscribed, being Owners and Part Own-

Petition for ers Ships and Vessels, employed in the Coal Trade

regulating from the River Tyne, on Behalf of themselves and all

the Coal other the Owners and Part Owners of Ships in the said

Trade at Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ^ewcaate, That on the 26th Day of February 1729, several

Petitions were presented to the House from the Owners and Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to the Towns of Newcastle,

Whitby, and Scarborough, stating, " That the Petitioners were greatly fallen to Decay by the many " Difficulties they had lain under for many Years, 44 and unless they were relieved by Parliament, would " inevitably be reduced, and that Branch of the Na-uvigation, which had always been esteemed the principal Nursery for Seamen, be exposed to certain " Ruin, and the Petitioners conceived that many of their Difficulties had arisen, and were occasioned, " by the Corporation of the Lightermen of London: " And praying That the Coal Trade might be laid 41 open, and such other Encouragements given thereto, " as the House should think proper;" and that on the 13th Day of February 1760, Petitions were presented to the House by several Owners or Masters of Ships, belonging to the Ports of Whitby and -borough, on Behalf of themselves and several others, stating, "That the Petitioners and others were very " largely concerned in Shipping, employed chiefly in the Coal Trade at Newcastle, Shields, and -41 fond, which Business the Petitioners presumed had,

41 by long Experience, been found of the greatest " Advantage to this Nation, by raising and continU-" ing very great Numbers of Seamen (who, upon all " Exigencies and Emergencies, had been incorporated into the Royal Navy, and otherwise employed, to " the Safety and Honour of this Kingdom and its " Colonies) and by otherwise employing many Thousands of the industrious Poor, and, that the Peti-

" tioners apprehended it very essential to the Manufacturers and Poor of this Country, to be supplied " with Fuel on easy Terms, and that all Proceedings " tending to a Monopoly must of course be very prejudicial; and representing to the House, that, of " late Years, the Persons employed as Fitters in the " Coal Trade at the Ports of Newcastle and -

" land had become Owners of 5hips to a very great Extent, and, in order to ingross and keep the " Trade in their own Hands, had made it a Practice " to refuse a Loading of Coals, except it was an inferior Sort, to the Petitioners, unless taken upon Freight, at a very considerable under Value, and " at other Times obliging them to wait with their " Ships Eight or Ten Weeks for a Loading, and at " the same Time loading such Ships as they were " themselves most interested in immediately on their " Arrival, by which Means such Ships frequently " made Two or Three Voyages to London before the " Petitioners could get One Loading to sail with, " whereby great Numbers of the Petitioners Ships, " which used to make Eight or Ten Voyages in the " Summer Season, could not then make above Five " or Six in the whole Year, to the great Loss of the " Petitioners in their Fortunes, and to the very great " Prejudice of the Consumers of Coals at London and " other Places, because the Petitioners were obliged " to keep up the Price of their Coals, in order to " make themselves some Amends for their extraordi- nary Expences and Loss of Time, by which Method " of monopolizing, the Fitters, whose Ships made so " many more Voyages in a Year than the Petitioners, " of course had immense Profits upon their Coals, " and were getting Fortunes upon the Wreck of the " Petitioners, and at the Expence of the Public, and " would in a short Time become Masters of the whole " Coal Trade, and have it in their Power to prescribe " such Rules, and set such Prices, as they should " think proper for further aggrandising their own " Fortunes; and that upon Account of the great " Check the Petitioners had met with in their Trade, " they were greatly discouraged from, and found themselves incapable of, taking Apprentices, which " the Petitioners represented would, if not timely " prevented, have very dreadful and fatal Effects " upon the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, " by destroying that great Nursery for Seamen; and that, by an Act made in the Sixth and Seventh " Years of the Reign of King William, Provision was " made for regulating the Weight of every Chaldron of Coals, but their being no Power to punish Persons not complying with the Directions of the said " Act, the same had proved ineffectual, to the further " great Prejudice of the Consumers of Coals, and the Petitioners apprehended, that if the Persons employed as Fitters at Newcastle, Sunderland, and the adjacent Ports, were obliged, as formerly, to keep " public Lists in their Offices of such Ships as applied. " for a Loading, and likewise were obliged to load all Ships as they were entered in their Course, and " also, if proper Power was given for ascertaining " the Weight of every Chaldron of Coals at the several Ports aforesaid, it would be a great Means " of preventing the Evils and Disadvantages above " complained of, and be of'great public Utility: " And therefore prayed the House to take the Pre- raises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief " therein as to the House should seem meet" — And that in consequence of the first-mentioned Petitions an Act was passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation of the Coal Trade;" and, in consequence of the last mentioned Petitions, an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading " of Ship# with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and

" /

37 Geo. III. 70 Mali.

Sunderland," and that the Provisions made by the said Two Acts have been found inadequate to remedy the Frauds and Abuses in the Coal Trade in the River Thames, and the Inconveniences and Evils existing in the Loading of Ships with Coals in the River Tyne, by Turn and Rotation, as therein mentioned, and the Petitioners conceive, unless some speedy Regulations are adopted in the Method of ascertaining the Turn or Rotation in which Ships are to be laden with Coals, and for removing many Impositions and Frauds existing in the said Trade, the Shipping in that Trade must greatly decrease, and consequently that grand Nursery for Seamen Ire much impaired; and that a Plan for removing the said several Inconveniences and Evils, and to prevent other Impositions in the Coal Trade, has for some Time been under the Consideration of the Petitioners, which hath not succeeded, but the Petitioners were thereby unavoidably prevented from applying to Parliament for an Act to enable them to carry the said Plan into Execution till after the Term limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Rills was elapsed: And, as the Petitioners apprehend a delay in obtaining the necessary Parliamentary Aid will be highly prejudicial to the said Trade, and of great Detriment to the general Interests of this Kingdom, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation of the Coal Trade," and also for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland" leave given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Henry Heath, and others.

Petition pre- Then a Petition of Henry Heath, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, and Part Owners, of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade, from the River Tyne, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Owners and Part Owners of Ships in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade and also for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made hi the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland."

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mr. Gil-

bert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Surgeons of A Bill for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent, Edinburgh granted by His Majesty to the Royal College and committed Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their /Clerk, with certain Alterations, and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and tko Vol. 42.

Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Fergusson, the Lord Maitland' &c.: And they are to

Co ' ’ ft*

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill; — for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made Use of Court of Ses-in the Court of Session of the County Palatine of dm- j‘°'‘0°def.e£" ter, and for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the same Court: And that Mr. Attorney General and the Master of the Rolls do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup. Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was refer- P^* red to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol- ' loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Money issued That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand One hundred 10 Mr*Cot' Thirty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny ton‘ Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills drawn on the Com-i missioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by John Esquire, acting Governor of the Bahama Islands, Walter Paterson, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Saint John, John Parr, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and Thomas Carleton, Esquire,

Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D»;

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred and Eleven Pounds and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, and paid by him, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, appointed to repair to Nova Scotia, or any other Part of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and also the Fees attending the Receipt thereof.

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee, To Mr.

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Ninety Mouat. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good foe like Sum, which has been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, by Orders of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Mr. James Mouat,

Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, To Mr. Cot. That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Fifty-seven too.

Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at foe Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, by Order of foe Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to enable him to pay foe Representatives of Richard Bradley, for the Value of sundry Articles of Merchandize bought by him for the Purchase of the Island of Le Main, in foe River Gambia, as a Settlement for Convicts, and to pay Fees and Charges attending foe Receipt thereof.

9 A Retched,

j

L

7J4 7 0 Maii, A. 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, their Properties in Consequence' of the Cession of the That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Two Province of Florida to the King of Spain, made hundred and Thirty-four Pounds, he granted to His up to May 4th, 1787, be referred to the said Corn- Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the New Roads mittee.

of Communication, and of building the Bridges in Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money Address the Highlands of North Britain, in die Year 1787, which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, Money, pursuant to the Order of die Honourable Lieutenant pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have General Mackay, commanding His Majesty's Forces not been made good by Parliament, be referred to in North Britain. the said Committee.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which American That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Twenty- have been issued to the Secretary of the Commission- Loyalist»-two Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make ers appointed to enquire into the Losses of the Compensation to David Jenkinson for the like Sum, American Loyalists, and which have not been made paid by him for the Three first Payments, towards good by Parliament, be referred to the said Com-the Loan of the Year 1784, and which became for- mittee.

feited to the Public, by omitting to make the future Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which East Florida Payments, on Account of being confined to his Bed have been issued to the Secretary of die Commission- Sufferers-by Illness. ers appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Con-That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, sequence of the Cession of the Province of East be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repair- Florida to the King of Spain, be referred to the said ing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts Committee.

and Settlements on the Coast of Africa. Ordered, That the Account of die Monies which CrownLand*,

TyMr. Pole. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, have been issued to the Secretary of die Commission-That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three ers, appointed to enquire into the State and Condi-' hundred and Seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Four tion of die Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, bc-Pence, be granted to His Majesty, -to be paid to longing to the Crown, be referred to the said Com-Charles Pole, of London, Merchant, Agent to Masahod mittee.

de la Mar, for the Damages sustained by the Seizure Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-and Detentiqp of the Ship Herstelder, Captain Kemp mittee.

Janssen Kleyn, laden with Merchandize, on Account Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

of the Emperor of Morocco. Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Somerset Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

House. That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards had come to several Resolutions; which they had d» carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House for the rected him to report, when die House will please to Year 1787; and that the said Sum be issued and paid receive the same.

without any Deduction whatsoever. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

American Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, Morning.

Loyalists. That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twelve

thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee applied as a Payment for present Relief, and upon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ways and Account to such, Persons who have suffered in dieir to consider further of Ways and Means for raising Mesns-Rights and Properties, as have given satisfactory the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Proofs of their Losses, to the Commissioners ap- And the said Order being read accordingly; Accounts repointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Ex-

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An pences of the Army, incurred, and paid by the Right Army Extra Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s ordinaries.

" the Losses and Services of all such Persons who Forces, from the 25th of December 1785 to the 24th " have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Pro- of December 1786, both inclusive, and not provided " sessions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

" America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money, Disposition Majesty, and Attachment to the British Govern- given for the Service of the Year 1786, has been of Grants.

" ment," to be distributed, and paid, under the Di- disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, rection of the said Commissioners, in a Proportion, until the 19th Day of 1787, and the Parts re-not exceeding Forty Pounds per Centum, to such of maining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, the said Persons as bore Arms, or rendered Services be referred to the said Committee, in America, and in a Proportion not exceeding Thirty Then the Flouse resolved itself into the said Compounds per. Centum, to such others of the said Per- mittee. sons as were resident in America during the War; Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Fee or other Deduction whatsoever. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-upon, agreed to by the House. rected him to report, when the Flouse will please to

receive the same.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Supply. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Morning.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, that he was

jesty, be now read. directed by the Committee to move. That they may

Accounts re- And the said Order being read accordingly; have Leave to sit again.

k"*; Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday

East Florida Claims which have been heard and liquidated, and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of Claims. an Account of the Sum at which they have been li- the whole House, to consider further of Ways and quidated, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire Means for raising the Supply granted to His Ma-into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in ' jesty.

The

For Scotch Hoads and Bridges.

To Mr. Jen-kinsotN

For African Forts.

27 Geo. III.

7" — 8° AfiwV.

735

Act for preventing Smuggling to be considered.

Instruction relative to Flasks.

D* relative to Laws of Customs.

Trade with Kingston, Savannah le Mar, dec.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " preventing of Smuggling in this Kingdom," might be read.

Anti the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Yressels therein particularly described.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties now payable upon Flasks in which Wine or Oil shall be imported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs.

Home and paying the Company’s Bond Debt in England, which was presented to the House upon the gth Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the skid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into tile said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Thread ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, nufacture to co^iderlf Illo."nrii;r>poTaU^"ind &£,?- "for the Regulation of the Maw- Bill d,r,„«t.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

tation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah le Alar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Bcported. Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followelh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah le Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenadain the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, be allowed under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Bill ordertd. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr

ville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord AIul-grave, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for farm-the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the >ng Duties Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trea- ^orecs de sury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties *'

granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned rill Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8* die Maii;

Anno 27° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1787. Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk the Crown attending, cording to Order, amended the Return Borough of Salt ash, in the County of

for

ac- Saltash Return amended.

Committee Resolved, That this House on East India solve itself into a Committee Company's Revenue Accounts.

will, immediately, re-of the whole House,

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Glasgow and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the Road B'll Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign Passed* of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Redbum Bridge, and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow to Redbum Bridge, and for repairing the Road from Redbum Bridge to Bonny Water, in the County of Stirling, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arfti that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as

to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Redbum

were presented to the House upon the 27th Day of April last, by Mr. Alorton, from the Directors of the East India Company; and also, of the Four Accounts N°* 38, 3Q, 40, and 41, which were presented to the House, by the said Mr. Morion, upon Wednesday last.

Bridge, and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow to Redbum Bridge, and for repairing the Road from Redbum Bridge to Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loanhead, in the County of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Falkirk to Kilsyth.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do cany the Bill

Ordered That the Copy of the Proposal made by the Directors of the East India Company, for bringing to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Vol. 42.

Mr.

8* Maii. 1787.

Norwich Election determined.

Mr. Phclips, from the Select Committee, 'who were

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, l'reemen of the City of Aorwich, and County of the same City, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Electors of the same City and County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the Mouse, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Henry Hobart is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

mouth and Port sea, in the Island of Porlsca, and County of Southampton;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word "now," raid at thp End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

ttwes, &c. A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts Small Debts within the Rapes of Lewes and mitted"1* and the several Parishes of Kingston by Sea,

New Shoreham, Old Shot'Lancing, Bceding,

ber, Stapling, Ashurst, Henfield, and in

the Rape of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Sir James Erskine, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Teller, for Ae Ye,. {

9'

Tellers for the Noes,

34.

Fitzherbert:

/ Sir John Miller,

1 Captain Macbride: J

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Three Months" be added at tire End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Or

rlifd

>x;ted.

Jlalby Road An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Bill passed. Qf an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending " the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County " of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the " Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of " York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham."

Ordered, That Mr. Galley Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

flippius’s Nat. Bill fussed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederick Hippius, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hippius.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill' to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ducbyof Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Lancaster Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Bill reported, amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy " of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Sur-n vey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on n Lands held of the said Duchy," and to enable the Said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

of Lurt'e* The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Small Debts Reading of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Re-Rill deferred, covery of Small Debts withia the Parishes of

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Lord Chol-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act mondeley* for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, in the reP°rte County of Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 34. Leave out " both," and after " which" insert " Three."

Pr. 22. 1. 36. Leave out " Eight," and insert,

" Two," and leave out " One " Rood," and insert " Three "Roods."

1. 37. Leave out " and Seven Perches."

Pr. 23. 1. 3. Leave out " Two," and insert

" Eight," and leave out " and " Three Roods," and insert " One Rood and Four Perches."

Pr. 49. 1. 32. Leave out " Powers’* and insert " Power," and leave out from " of" to " other" in 1. 34. and insert " making Leases for " a Life or Lives absolute, or " for Years determinable on a " Life or Lives, of all or any " Part of the said last mentioned " Manor and Premisses."

1. 39. Leave out " other than," and in-

cprf ic a»vp "

1. 41. After "of" insert "the."

1. 42. After "Rents" insert "required " by the said Power."

Pr. 50. L 28. After "Body" insert " and the " said Henrietta Maria Cholmondeley and Hester Frances " Bellingham, and the Heirs of " their respective Bodies."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second 9 Time,

wge,

rar

tsouse

amittf

ipoile

"uGaol

A

>5 In

‘‘haii

sil

a7 Geo. III.

8° Mail.

737

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, field and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of

Grantham Guildhall Bill committed.

agreed to by the House.

A Bill for taking down the Guildhall in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and re-building

the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cust, Mr. George Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Shrewsbury Hoads recommitted Bill reported.

York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 13. To leave out from " Floods " to the End of Line 15.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering be, An Act for better draining and preserving certain and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing" and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Bi'ockhurst, to and Nottingham.

Shall bury, and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop; Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to and for repairing the Roads from Preston Brockhurst the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, aforesaid to the Warien House on Prees Heath; from

Newport to Chester; from Sand ford to Crudington; A Bill for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Bill; — Moor, from High Ercall, and Crudington, to Chetwynd; and Citizens of the City of London to purchase the Mooring *nS Ves* from Waters Upton to the Pinfold in Child's Ercall, in Chains in the River Thames, between London Bridge of Loa-

the said County, was re-committed; That tire Com- and Bugby's Hole, together with the Right of renewing doB> co " mittee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, and removing the same, and putting down others, and mitted. which they had directed him to report to the House; for regulating the lying and Mooring of Ships and Vessels

i-

-i

J

L

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jercoise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming the Purchase of a House situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover

Mreported! Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

5t George,

Hanoyer

Square,

Workhouse

recommitted

Devon Gaol Bill committed.

within certain Parts of the Port of London, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir JVatkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Watson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Papists for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Protestant 1

Purchasers: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the Sussex Gaol Premisses belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the Bill com-County of Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purposes osmitted' conveying the same to the Right honourable Frances Viscountess Irwin, and her Heirs, and to declare the New Gaol or Prison, lately built, to be the Common Gaol for the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Steele, Mr. Rose, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit and proceed upon the said Bill upon Friday Morning next.

Cropwell In-

closure Bill committed.

A Bill for discharging Denys Rolle, Esquire, and his Heirs, from the Office of Keeper of the Gaol for the County of Devon, for improving and enlarging

the said Gaol, or building a new one, and also for A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition pulling down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter, and all Proprietors or Occupiers of Houses, Yards, or against Leith lor other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Slips for Ship-building, Areas, Grounds, and other Harbour B>U. Time. Premisses, situated in the Town of Leith, was presented

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ba- to the House, and read; Taking notice of the Bill ring, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Lath,

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's for erecting Docks and other Buildings, for widening Chamber. and making Roads to the said Harbour, for widening

and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edin-A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, burgh, and the Avenues leading to the same, and for Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, increasing the Number of the City Guard; and Set-in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropwell Butler, and a ting forth, That in order to the Accomplishment of certain Field and Meadow, called The Fern Field and those Objects, it is proposed, that the Lord Provost,

Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship Magistrates, and Council of Edinburgh, and their

Hatfield Chace Drainage Bill pitted.

and the Lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Me-dows. Lord Edward Bentmck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for better draining and preserving certain Lands apd Grounds within the Level of No t. 43.

Successors in Office, shall be authorized to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of all the Houses, Grounds, and Areas, in North Leith (excepting the Church and Church Yard) for the Purchase thereof, in order to the said Houses being pulled down, and the Grounds and Areas made use of by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, as they shall think proper, for the Purposes before mentioned, and, in case of the Owners and Occupiers of the said Houses,

9 B Grounds,

*ji,t 8° Maiu1787.

Grounds, and Areas, agreeing voluntarily to sur* render their Properties and Possessions, it is proposed that they shall be compelled so to do, upon receiving such a Value as shall' be put on the same by a Jury; and that the Petitioners, being either Proprietors or Occupiers of almost the whole Town of North Leith (excepting (lie Property and Possessions of Mr. John $ime, Ship-builder) apprehend that they must be greatly injured, should the said Bill be passed into a Law, but as they conceive that they can easily shew, to the Satisfaction of the House, that neither absolute Necessity, nor public Utility, requires their being stripped of their Properties and Possessions, as proposed by the said Bill, so they trust that the Justice of the House will protect them in the Enjoyment of their respective Rights; and that the Petitioners have been rather taken by Surprize in this Attack on the sacred Right of Property, which has for its Object no less than the Demolition of a whole Town, consisting of about Two thousand Inhabitants, all essentially necessary, in their various Professions and Occupations, to the Prosperity of the Port, whose Improvement is the ostensible Purpose of the said Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, so far as their Properties, Trades, and Possessions are concerned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, up, on their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and have agreed Mr. Graves:

10 Mr. Speaker,

Scotch Jnsti- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ciary Bill, for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court " of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act have passed for vesting the Estates in the County of York, and alsq Archbishop the Heir Looms, devised and bequeathed by the of York’s Will of the Honourable and Most Reverend Robert Estate Bill. }ate Lord Archbishop of York, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resulted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Qualifica- Mr. Townshend presented to the House, pursuant to.

tions of De- the Directions of several Acts of Parliament, puty Lieute- Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants »resent«|C' an<^ Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those presented to the House of Commons on the 30th of June 178b.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said List w as read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill; — Com- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill peuncy of for obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses 6

in certain Cases: And that Mr. Attorney General, ttie Witness*, Master of the Rolls, and Mr. Wilberforce, do prepare, ordered, and bripg in, the same.

Mr. Minchin, according to Order, reported from the Callicoe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Iidi for Printers BM the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and report*d. printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers,

Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committed had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with die Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Act against Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Ed- *£Pnrt‘"8 ward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carry- le 1 *" " ing of White Ashes out of the Realm," might be read. /

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for pro-for more effectually protecting the Fisheries on the p.cV"lthe Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called England, ordered!*’ and the Principality of Wales, and for the punishing of Offences against the Persons and Property of Owner* of Vessels, and others concerned therein: And that Mr. Pulteney, Mr, Johnes, Mr. Hawkins Browne, and!

Sir Herbert Mackuorth, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Duncombe reported from, the Committee, to Sieeton, &c. whom the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing Iuclowre Bill the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds,. rePorte within the Manor or Manors, and' Township or Townships, of Steeton and Eastburn, in the Parish of V wick, in the County of York, wa* committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that that Standing Orders of the House, of the 23th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been- complied with; and that the Committee had examined! the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned-had givew their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the-Committee (except the Owners of 5 Acres of Land1 entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed; and that the whole Property entitled to such Right of Common consists of 907’

Acres of Land, and 27 Messuages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through tho Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ClerkV Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the RPpnrt Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Supply, ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to

His

il-vi'

v* fleam

toiler

;2»UT.

keyiss :ik Sec Com" ( j6(ic

/routs.

>rf Ei

fida

-uus.

>cfCn

>of

ktncai

ujjiiiis

Wvis

ute

T'sted,

’/ouim

ied.

.co? i:‘Cj 53

27 Geo. III.

Mail.

m

m

-i

:Ace

His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee Bills of Iiidlosure, had been complied with; and friSi’t had directed him to report to the Mouse; which he "the Committee had examined the Allegations of the read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that thfe Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, as followeth; viz. to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the

Relief to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, Owners of Lands having Right Of Common on the

East Florida That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Six Lands intended to be inclosed, rated to the Lund Tax Claimants, hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be at £. 3. 12s. a Year, who dissent to the BfH; ttrid applied as a Payment for present Relief and upon also except the Owners of Lands, rated as Aforesaid, Account, to such Persons who have suffered in their at 2. 4s. tod. who, being applied to, did rieft Properties, as have given satisfactory Proofs of their give a decisive Answer; and also except the OwnerS Losses to the Commissioners appointed by an Act, of Lands, rated as aforesaid, at £.2. 7 — Mid

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, could not be met with; and that the Whole of the " An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire Lands entitled to Right of Common oil the Lands " into the Losses of all such Persons who have suf- intended to be divided and inclosed, are rated as " fered in their Properties, in Consequence of the aforesaid at the Yearly Sum of £. 129. 17§kd-\

" Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King and that no Person appeared before the Committee to " of Spain," to be distributed and paid under the oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gohb Direction of the said Commissioners, in a Proportiob through the Bill, and made several Amendments not exceeding Forty Pounds per Centum, to such of thereunto, which they had directed him td report IB the said Persons as were resident in that Province the House; and he read the Report in his PI deeana during the War; and that the said Sum be issued afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, id and paid, without any Fee or other Deduction what- at the Clerk’s Table.

soever. And the House being informed, That the sever#!

For cleansing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Persons who petitioned this House upon the 3d Day of

CatwaUr That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be April last, praying to be heard, by themselves of granted to His Majesty, to be employed in cleansing Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was and securing the Harbour of Catwater, and Sutton Pool, then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Report be near Plymouth, in the County of Deton. received from the Committee to whom the said Bill was

Money issued Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Committed, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upob

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hun- toe Report of the said Bill; o m"of ^red p0UncjSi be granted to His Majesty, to make And the House being also informed, That several good the like Sum, which has been issued to the other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to exa- said Bill;

mine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of this Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Kingdom. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Committee to whom the same was committed.

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, The House was moved, That the Petition of James Petition be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Bromley, the Elder Thomas Btickstone, against, re*

Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary of the couos’efn<r

Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of Thacker, John Cordwainer, John liushtoh, John ^-#5.* pr"

all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, Nicklin, Farmer, John Fox, Isaac Griffith, John Ijra'iuiel, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of Philip Datherstone, William Rawlins, Gabriel Feather-East Florida to the King of Spain. Stone, George Holland, Philip Osborne, and Thomas Sims,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cottagers of Mihich, in the County of Stafford, vVhicH

Harbour.

Public Arroaats.

D" of East

Florida

Claims.

D*of Crown Lands.

That a Sum, not exceeding Two1 thousand Two hun- Was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of April dred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good last, might be again feacf. the like Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary And the same bAing read accordingly;

D* of

American

Loyalists.

Ordered, That the said Petition be deferred to thfe Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill 19 re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heArd, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee,

of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown.

: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Four hundred Upon their Petition, if they think fit. and Forty-five Pound's Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Ordered, That it be an- Instruction to the said Corn-Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the ihittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Hke Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary of the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of Petition.

the American Loyalists. Ordered, That all have Voices, who cotine to the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Committee to whom the said Bill is' re-com-

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, rCpbrted froiii the Report Way*

Money issued . _

pursuant to That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand One mitted.

Addresses, hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has Committee of the whole House, to whom it' was re- and been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of felted to consider further of Ways and Means fof the Addresses of this House. raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Reso-

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second lutions which the Committee had directed him to Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- report to the House; which he read jri his Place; upon, agreed to by the House. and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Milwich Sir Eduard Littleton reported from the Committee, viz.

Inclosure Bill to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer reported, and mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, or re- That, towards raising the: Supply granted to His Ma-

re-conunit- pUted Manor, and Parish of Milwich, in the County jesty, the Sum of Two Million' Five hundred thousand

of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next

the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if

Vo l. 42.

not

C.

74®

8° Mali. . 1787.

Exchequer Bills.

D#

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

Imprest

Monies.

Army Savings, in 1785 and 1786.

Money granted for Land Forces in

1785-

not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1788, to be exchanged, and received in Payment, In such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ’That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1788, to be exchanged, and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1788, to be exchanged, and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged, and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Million Four hundred thousand Pounds out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That', towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Seventy-four thousand One hundred and Two Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, of Imprest and other public Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty-four thousand Eight hundred and Six Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence, being the Amount of Army Savings and Stoppages in the Years 1785 and 1786, be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 1785 to the 24th Day of December 1786, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of One hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, remaining in the Exche-' quer, of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the Year 1785.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, die same.

Resolution The House was moved, That the Resolution which, of Ways and upon the 23d Day of April last, was reported from the Means read. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-tion accord- ^erre^ to consider further of Ways and Means for ingly. raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was

then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied " the Sum of One Million Two hundred Twenty-six

" thousand and Seventy-two Pounds Two Shillings " and Eleven Pence Half-penny, remaining in the " Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1787, of the " Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Barliament."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle* men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution now read.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report oa Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of imposing additional Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Persons who retail Spi- 0us Liquors, rituous Liquors, the Resolutions which the Committee re-commit-had directed him to report to the House; which he ted* read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Report of Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Allowances referred to consider of certain Allowances to be made to Dealers in Foreign Wines, the Resolution which the wines. Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there shall be paid to such of the Dealers in Foreign Wines as shall be found to have in their Possession any Quantity of such Wine exceeding Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, at any Time when their Stock shall be taken, between the 9th and the 15th Days of May, a Sum equal to the Difference between the Amount of the Duties which have been paid on the Importation of such Wines above Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, and the Amount of the Duties which will be payable on the Importation of the like Quantities after the 10th Day of May 1787.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the indemnity Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Bill reponeA indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been, omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mis-, laid, and for allowing them Time to provide

Admissions

*7 Geo. III. V -Mail 741

'Adtnissiobs duly stamped; and to give further 'nine to stich Persons as have oinitted to’rriake and file Affidavits of the 'Execution Of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was Committed, the Amendments which the Committee had triade to the Bill, an'd 'which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the 'Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ainendments, be

ingrossed.

Report Ex- The House was moved, That the Report which n^andBHI was Yesterday made from the Committee, who were nieml. appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to Time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That £0 much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 1st Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several Acts made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the 1st Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cornmitfee, That so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantitles of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island " of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants o’f " England trading to the East Indies, and of Bisicuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay -

leur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising, or carrying into Execution. His Majesty sOrders of Council already made,

" for Allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other " Articles," as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in which

was to continue in Force until the 1st Day of January 1777, and which, by ^several Acts made in the Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-first, Twenty-second, Twenty-third, Twenty-fourth, arid Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the 1st Day of May 1786, arid from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also, that so much of the said Act, made in the said Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, from the Port of Lancaster to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, which was to be in Force until the said 1st Pay , of May 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Vox.. 42.

" Utensils, an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of " Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and " Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers, or Workmen, eraployed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts be- yond the Seas," which was to be in Force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no loriger, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The First Resolution ‘of the Committee being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The Second and Third Resolutions of the Committee being sc . rally read a Second Time were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Second and Third Resolutions of the said Committee^ and which have been agreed to by the House: Ana that Mr. Rose, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee , of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

The House was moved, That an Act, triade in the Committee Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty on granting* King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British ported.

" and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen " Yarns, made of Flax," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in, the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Bounties on " British and Irish Linens exported; for, further discontinuing the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for " granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British " checqued and striped Linens, and upon British and " Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other " Linen, of above a certain Breadth," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further continuing and " extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the " Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth * Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " wanting a Bounty on certain Species of British and " Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties of "the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made u of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British checqued and striped Linens, and " upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, arid other Linen, of above a certain Breadth," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resplvp itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackbupie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, That

they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed

9 C him

742

' 8n Mail. A. 1787.

hi»n to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Act for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, preventing consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-mugging. fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing of " Smuggling in this Kingdom," as relates to the Vessels therein particularly described, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Jamaica, &e. Mr. William Wyndham Grenville presented to the

Free Ports House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Bill present- Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah le Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of , Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, »n Pitferran upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His DuV Majesty’s Treasury to purchase, of the Proprietors of Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Pitferran, in the County of Fife, the Right of Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Coals exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. weJ

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House American to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Loyalists upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to ^SSWD" enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Per- deferred, sons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee. if'"ir

0 iiDovir

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Thread Ma-to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, nufacture 3p*ss upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Manu- bill deferred, facture of Thread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for farm- ’ Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the ing Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to reported"*’ ena^e L°rd High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That all Securities, Bonds, or Obligations, shall be taken in the Name of His Majesty, and may be prosecuted with the Consent of the Attorney General, or Advocate General.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Counsel Second Reading of the Bill for continuing the Term heard on ad of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign beading of of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for i>enniesScot9 laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Bill.

Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Henry Petrie, Prases, David Garden, Treasurer, and the remanent Members of the Society of Maltmen, all Brewers, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Burgh of Aberbrothock, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard, and examined, a Witness in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate.arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

'riCix

uadelfv

iii

ati

37 Geo. III.

9° Mali.

743

Bewlev Rond Bill

rtfOitcil.

Mercurii, 9* die Mail j

Anno 27* Georgii III*8 Regis, 1787.

Pka VERS.

SIR James Pemyman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by to Ken-

dell House, and from Molscroj't to in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

Ordered \That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, to whom Sandwich the Bill for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, P^ing Bill lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and reP°rte ' Lanes, of and in the Town of San in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Clement, in the said Town and County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the Common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven, and to regulate the Births and Mooring Places . , of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the F.astern Part of the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had ex-

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, am*ne^ the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

,\ 1 r\ 1 0 r\ 11 samp to hp trup and that thp (jommitfpp had irone

Une by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

St Georg®, Hanover Square, Workhouse Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming the Purchase of a

o O

House, situate in Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to render effectual the Purchase of a . House, situate in the Parish of Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to be used as an additional

same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Cholmondeley's

Estate Bill passed.

Shrewsbury Roads Bill passed.

Mr. Croce reported from the Committee, to whom PMition for the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are additional Workhouse for the Parish of Saint George, LLanover thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Provision in Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee ^j^ Bill and for other Purposes. had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of Sported.

Ordered, That Mr. Jercoise do carry the Bill to the the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to

Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament for Power to repair the several Pieces of Road described in the said Petition, until the Time for giving Notices, pursuant to the said Standing Orders, was elapsed; and that the Extent of the said several Pieces of Road is, altogether, only One Mile and Three Quarters, or thereabouts, and it is not proposed to take any additional Toll, nor to erect any Gate, for the Purpose of repairing and amending the said Pieces of Road; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- James Calvclcy being examined, said, That certain tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed Pieces of Road, leading out of the Road between

in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for re- Chester, and the Ferry, to the Ferries called

pairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brock- The New Ferry and The Rock Ferry, within the Town-

hurst, to Shawbury, and to Shrey-hill, in the County of ship of Lower Bebbington and Higher and to

Salop; and for repairing the Roads from Preston Brock- Easlham, or Carlett Ferry House, in the Tow nship of hurst aforesaid, to the Warren House on Frees Heath; Eastham, all in the said County of Chester, are much from Newport to Chester; from Sandjord to Crudington; out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and that it from High Ercall and Crudington to Chclwynd; and would be a great Accommodation to the Neiglibour-from Waters-Upton to the Pinfold in Child's Ercall,' hood, and of public Utility, if Provision were to he in the said County, was read the Third Time. made for the Amendment and tyepair of the said

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Piects of Road in the Bill now depending in Parlia-be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and ment for amending and widening the said Road from enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty- Chester to the Ferry.

ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads ’ Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com-from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, mittee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening

and to Shrey-hill, in the County of Salop; and for re- the Roads from the City of Chester' to the Woodside

pairing several other Roads in the said County; ' Ferry, in the Township of in the County

Vol. 49. of

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, in the County of Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondehy, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to tl>c same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

744

9" Maii.

Jit. 1787.

of ^Chester, and from the said City to the Custom House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great in the said County, and from Great Neston aforesaid to the said Woodside Fei'ry, and from the lload leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending and widening certain Pieces of Road leading out of the said Road, between Chester and the Woodside Ferry, tb the Ferries called The New Ferry and The Rock Ferry, within the Township of Lower Bcbbington and Higher and

to Eastham or Carlett Ferry in the Township of Easthqm, all in the said County of

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Wheat, Ac. Account of all Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oats, ex-exported and ported from the Year 1780 to 1786 inclusive, from ujjP'jrte , or- wj)at port pjace) the Bounty paid thereon;

also, an Account of all Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oats, sent Coastwise, from what Port or Place, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, in each of the said Years; likewise an Account of the Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oats, imported from the Year 1780 to 1786 inclusive, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon in each of the said Years, and into what Port or Place the same was imported, save and except the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge.

Petition A Petition of John Reid, Gardener, at Reidhall, near against Leith Leith, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Harbour Bill. of the Bill for enlarging and improving the

Harbour of Leith, for erecting Docks and other Buildings, for widening and making Roads to the said Harbour, for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same) and for increasing the Number of the City Guard; and Setting forth, That in order to the Accomplishment of those Objects, it is proposed to be enacted, that the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of Edinburgh, and their Successors in Office; shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of certain Houses, Grounds, and Areas in the said Bill mentioned, and in case the Parties do not agree, Power shall be given to the Magistrates and Town Council to take from the different Proprietors, without their Consent, and against their Will, their Properties and Estates, lying within the Boundaries therein described, and to pay them only such value for the same as shall be fixed thereon by a Jury, composed of Persons therein described; and that the Grounds proposed to be thus taken from private Individuals are of much greater Extent than is necessary for enlarging the Harbour, and constructing the necessary Quays, Piers, Docks, &e. requisite for the proposed Improvements upon the said Harbour; and the Magistrates and Town Council are by the said Bill proposed to be empowered, besides the Ground necessary for the said Quays, Piers, Docks, &c. to employ certain Parts of the said Grounds for erecting Warehouses, and also to sell such Parts of the said Grounds as may not be necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, whereby immense Sums of Money will be levied by the Magistrates and Town Council, to the Prejudice of the present Proprietors, who by the Operation of the said proposed Act will be obliged either to yield up their Property and Interests in the Whole of those Grounds, whether truly necessary for the proposed Improvements or not, on such Terms as the Lord Provost and Magistrates of Edinburgh shall propose, or to have it brought into Contest before a Jury of Citizens, many of whom are incapable of judging of the true Value of such Subjects, which are mostly rural; and that the Petitioner, who is Proprietor of a consi-

derable Part of the Property "by the said Bill proposed to be taken away, is so sincerely desirous of contributing, as far as he - can with Justice -to himself, to a Scheme, which if confined within proper Bounds, and regulated upon Principles of private Justice, may prove highly beneficial to the Public, without injuring any Individual; that he is willing to part with as much of his Property as shall be absolutely necessary for the Construction of the intended Addition to the Harbour, and the Quays and Piers necessary for the Purposes of Navigation, and he is content to accept of such Price for the said Grounds as shall be fixed in their Option, either by Commissioners to be named and appointed, or by a Jury of Landed Gentlemen of a certain Extent of Yearly valued Rent and real Property, who alone are fit to judge of the Value of the Tenements in Question; but the Petitioner cannot consent to be compelled to give up any Part of his Property on any Terms whatever, to be turned to Purposes not necessary for the Improvements proposed by the said Bill, and tending only to raise Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of Works in which he is not more interested than the Public in general, and for procuring over and above large Sums to tine Corporation of the City of Edinburgh, for the Application of which no Provision is made in the said Bill, and which may be applied to Uses with which the Petitioner has not the most remote Connection, and from which he can derive no Benefit; and that the Petitioner holds his Property free from any Restraint, and liable to no Challenge whatever, ana conceives that taking from him, without his Consent, such Part of it as is not necessary for carrying into Execution the Object of the said Bill, cannot be vindicated upon any Principle of Expedience, and far less of public and absolute Necessity, neither of which require that the Petitioner should be deprived of his Property, even at an adequate Price, for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of a public Work, which, if it cannot be executed from, the Profits derived from the Improvement itself, ought to be made a Burthen, either upon the Public at large, or upon those for whose particular Advantage it i% calculated: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, in so far as is here complained of, may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or by his Counsel, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider o*» Duties os of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Foreign *"j^rtaition Geneva. Geneve.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow’

Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider on a^owm8

<m f the importa-

01 tionofEborv.

.an

sail

jior

JtUI

«oe:

amt

Ik if ali !2D b MS'

tt)ue

restul

aifoi

ami)

wqu

t*ei

krsde

alosi

iporti

Kon

4

27 Geo. III.

ff Matt.

<of allowing the Importation of Ebony, of the Growth Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the of Africa, into this Kingdom. Committee to whom the same was committed.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Uttoxeter

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of ad Rad Bill

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee. Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His rePrte<1-

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair. present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That and widening the Road from High in the

they had come to a Resolution; which they had di- County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to rected him to report, when the House will please Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall's Lane to to receive the same. Bridge, in the said County, so far as the same relates to

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow the Two Districts of Road therein described, was Morning. committed; That the Committee had examined the

Allegations of the Bill, and found. the same to be Lottery Bill Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- true; and that the Committee had gone through the presented. der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

of Aloney, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same they had directed him to report to the House; and be

was received; and read the First Time. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

Bill for mis- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-ilnsSornExy- der> a Bil! for raising a certain Sum of Aloney, by chequer Bills L°ans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year presented. One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for raie- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-Sum byrthCr ^er> a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loan* or Ex- Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year chequer Bills One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven: And presented. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for rais- Air. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-"8 suri, lier der, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by chequer BUU Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One presented. thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sarsden, &c. Air. Howell reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure Bill the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Aleadows, Common ted. Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of

Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, Mer-riscourt, and Finescourt, in the Parish of under

Whichxvood, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 426 Acres, or 21 Yard Lands, of the Open Fields intended to be inclosed, and the Proprietors of which Half Yard Lands have Right of Common on the said Waste Grounds, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of One Yard Land and an Half of the same Common Fields, having the same Right of Common, who could not be met with; and that the whole Quantity of such Common Fields is 3,030 Acres, and the Waste Grounds consist of 1,100 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he Tead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill re-committed.

Vet. 42.

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburne, according to Order, reported from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom is was Acts for referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty- ^r^[ngo" ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King^ Untnstx-Geot'ge the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting ported.

" a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish " Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the " Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of " Flax;" and also, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for continuing the Bounties on British and " Irish Linens exported; for further discontinuing " the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw " Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for granting a " Bounty on the Exportation of British checqued and " striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers,

" Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above " a certain Breadth;" and also, of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further continuing and " extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the " Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and " Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on

" the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made " of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British checqued and striped Linens,

" and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks,

" Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain " Breadth," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting " a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish " Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the " Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of " Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should be further continued for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

9 D was,

74<S

Mail.

A \ 1787*

td.

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Second and Third of the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to Time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and which Resolutions were Yesterday agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Petition for Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to regulating whom the Petition of Henry Heath, and others, whose Tradeat Names are thereto subscribed, being Owners, and Part Newcastle Owners, of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal and Sunder- Trade, from the River Tyne, on Behalf of themselves, land, report- a][ other the Owners and Part Owners of Ships in the said Trade, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of the Coal TradeAnd also,

An Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of " Newcastle and Sunderland," were read. Then Mr. John Wardk being examined, said, That he is a Ship Owner, and brings Coals into the River Thames from Newcastle — That Coal Buyers have frequently delivered 60, 80, or 90 Chaldrons in a Day, but at present they are under Agreement to deliver no more than 40; and this is on Account of Dispatch Money — That if the Ship Owners give Dispatch Money, they will then deliver about 90 Chaldron a Day — That for a Ship of a common Burthen it is usual to give Three or Four Guineas for Dispatch Money; but it is not uncommon to give Six or Eight, and he has known Ten Guineas given — That he has been asked for Dispatch Money in his present Voyage, but he did not consent to give it, and the Consequence was, that his Ship was obliged to lay the Number of Days in the River till she was delivered at the Rate of 40 Chaldrons a Day — That, if he had agreed to pay it, his Ship might have been delivered at the Rate of 90 Chaldron a Day, and he should have saved Three or Four Days by it, and that this Practice is pretty general.

That he knows of many Abuses in the Manner of giving Turns for loading Ships at Newcastle, and believes them to be very general — That frequently before a Ship is in Sight, many Owners put up their Ships on the Fitters Lists, without any Person having come from the Ships, or having received any Note to prove their Arrival; and that many Ships have their own private Signals at Sea to be distinguished at a Distance before their Arrival within the Limits provided by the Act — That he applied in the Course of the last Year for a Loading of Wall's End Coals, and was refused, unless he would agree to load an inferior Sort of Coals that Voyage, and then he was promised to have a Loading of the better Sort the next Voyage — That a Voyage of inferior Coals affords less Profit than those of a better Sort — That he applied for a Loading of Sheriff's Hill Coals, and no Ship being on the List, he was promised to be immediately loaded, but notwithstanding that, another Vessel close along* side of him was loaden before him- — That he has gone to Newcastle, and fixed his Ship with a Fitted, merely from the Report of another Gentleman, and in Consequence has got a Turn by it — That when he received this Information he did not know where his own Ship was, and had no Reason to believe at the Time that she was within the Limits prescribed by the Act — That tie went to Newcastle, and fixed the Ship with Coals, and came down before she got into the Harbour; and he has known a Ship which has been fixed at Newcastle Twenty-four Horn’s before her Arrival at Shields. — And being asked. Whether, under the existing Laws, he does not apprehend he might have had a Remedy for these Abuses? he said, No; for a Ship Owner could never go to

Newcastle again if he attempted to put the Law in Force, as he has not a Doubt but the Gentlemen there would have evaded him from getting a Turn of Coals, excepting an inferior Sort, which might have occasioned a certain Loss at Market — And being asked, What he meant by the Term " evaded ?r he said. By shewing false Lists. — And being asked, What prevented him from prosecuting the Fitter at Law, for his Refusal to load him with the better Sort of Wall's End Coals ? he said, It w-as not in his Power to prosecute him, from the Difficulty of obtaining Proof. Then

Mr. William Marshall being examined, said, That he is a Ship Owner — That he gave Mr. the

Information mentioned by him in his Evidence — That his Ship was on her Passage to Newcastle, in Consequence of which he wrent there, and by his Interest had an Opportunity of fixing his Ship for Turn, before she would have been legally entitled — And that at the Time he told him, he did not think she was farther North than Whitby, which is far beyond the Limits — That he has seen at the Fitters Offices Lists of Ships for loading, on Slates or Slips of Paper — That he has known Ships placed on Fitters Lists which were not arrived within the Limits prescribed by the Act — That it is a general Practice, and he knows of some particular Cases — That Fitters Lists, kept on Slips of Paper or Slates, are of the better Sort of Coals, and that Evasions are most practised in that Kind of Coals, in order to get Persons to load an inferior Sort — That they promise the Ship Owners, sometimes, to load them in Three or Four Days, when they cannot possibly do it under a Week or more, and that this is for the inferior Sort of Coals — That he has frequently entered his own Ship in the Fitters Offices after the legal Hours, but it was an inferior Coal if he got that Indulgence — That he never remembers getting his fair Turn of the better Coals since he has been in the Trade — That he has been occasionally in the Coal Trade for Seven Years, though at Times he has been employed in the Baltic/: Trade — That it is a general Practice in the Fitters Offices to open them after the limited Hours, to suit their own Purposes — That he has sent a Boy where he had Interest, and has secured his Turn by that Means; and that it is very customary — That he has been positively refused to be placed on a Fitter’s List for the better Sort ox Coals, unless he would take an inferior Sort — That this is a very common Thing, unless the Ship Owners have loaded an inferior Sort, which the Fitters might have in that Office, and then they were allowed better Coals the next Voyage — That it is a Practice to load Ships out of Turn; that be means by that, small Vessels loading under the Spouts carrying 10 or 12 Keels — That he had not had his fair Turn for good Coals since he had been in Trade, only where he had Interest — That he don’t know that every Fitter who has good Coal has likewise Coal of an inferior Sort — That

he

Report on Aa for preventing

27 Geo. III. 90 Mail 747

he has given Money to Buyers for dispatching his Ship report to the House; which he read in his Place; and in the hiver Thames; and that it is a common Prac- afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where lice. Then the same were read; and are as followeth;

Mr. John Scott being examined, said. That he is a , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ship Owner — That he knows of Fitters keeping Lists That further Provisions be made in regard to such of Ships entered for Turn, on Slate? or Slips of Paper Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, made — That this Practice exists mostly in the better Sort in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His pre-of Coals, and the Abuses that arise by that Practice sent Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of are, that they have Power to take them off or put Smuggling in this Kingdom; and that the said Act be them on, at their own Discretion; and this is fre* extended to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly questly the Case — That he has often placed his own described therein.

Ship on Lists out of the Turn specified in the Act, , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and it is a common Practice — That the Fitters will not That the Duties now payable upon Flasks, in which do this for Strangers at all Times — That it is usual Wine or Oil shall be imported, do cease, determine, for Fitters to oblige their Friends by entering their and be no longer paid.

Ships after the legal Office Hours — That he has Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, knowm many Instances of Ships being placed on Fit- That the Officers of the Customs be authorized to ex* ters Lists Two Days before they arrived; and that he amine all Packages, reported for Exportation, in order has been defrauded of his Turn many Times — That to ascertain the Contents.

every Fitter, and the Clerks of Fitters, at Kaccastle Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

(except in One or Two Cases) have Ships, or Shares That the Production of Manifests of Ships, bringing of Ships — That there are few of them but what are Goods from the East Indies or China, be regulated,

concerned in Ships; and some of them are managing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Owners — That in general, Ships belonging to Fitters, That foreign Vessels, seized and condemned for illicit or their Clerks, make more Voyages in the Year than Trade in the British West India Islands, be broken up those belonging to other Persons — That the Fitters in and disposed of.

general are either directly concerned as Managing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ow ners, or individually concerned as Part Owners, That seized Goods, delivered from the Custom House, in Sixty or Eighty Sail of Ships — That there are se- be stamped.

veral hundred Sail of Ships concerned in the Coal Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Trade at Next-castle and Sunderland — That about 130 That Provision be made to prevent Prosecutions for Sail belong to the Town of Naccastle, and 392 to Seizures, in Cases where the Commissioners of the Sunderland.--And being asked. Whether he appre- Customs shall think proper to order them to be re-hended these Abuses would be corrected by establish- stored.

ing an Office at Shields, to register the Arrival of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ships, and the Establishment of a public Office at That Contractors for Timber, to be delivered after Newcastle, for keeping the Fitters Lists, and register- a Time to be limited, be enabled to charge the in-ing the Turns for loading? he said, He is firmly of creased Duties thereon.

that Opinion. — And being asked, Whether these Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Matters have been under the Consideration of the That Provision be made for regulating the Manner of Owners of Ships in the Coal Trade, who have de- paying the Duties on Cambricks, or French Lawns, dared themselves of that Opinion, and willing to bear warehoused, upon Importation, when taken out of their proportional Parts of the Expence of the Two such Warehouses for Exportation, or Home Con-Offices ? he said, The great Distress of the Trade has sumption.

occasioned many Meetings within the last Six Months, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and it was the unanimous Opinion of those general That all Persons, having had Cambricks or French Meetings, that these Offices would tend to remove the Lawns in their Custody, for Exportation or otherwise. Grievances complained of, and that they were willing be indemnified.

to bear the Expence. — And being asked, Whether it Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, is the Opinion of a Majority of Ship Owners, that an That all Goods, imported before the 10th Day of Office in London will be necessary for preventing the May 1787, be permitted to Entry, upon Payment of Coal Buyers from extorting Dispatch Money? he the Duties charged upon Goods imported after that said. He believes it to be the Opinion of more than Time.

Seven-eighths of the Trade. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made agreed to by the House.

and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regula- the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

" tion of the Coal Tradeand also, for amending, Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made and passed Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir Mr. Attor-

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- ney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and jesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

" Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle-

" Sunderland:" And that Mr. Buncombe, the Lord men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Mulgrave, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr . Lambton, do pre- said Bill, or Bills, That they do make Provision in the pare, and bring in, the same. said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, for ascertaining in

what Cases the Duties are due upon Coals, Culm, or Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Cinders carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port, within Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was Great Britain. J

referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the /

Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to the Accounts,4c. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Directions of an Act of Parliament, presented.

" preventing of Smuggling in this Kingdom," as relates An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax, Hemp and

to the Vessels therein particularly described, the certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s *lax’ Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to Treasury, to be raised in that Part of Great Britain Vo l. 42. called

Hemp and Flax.

Seamen who have paid to the Support of disabled Seamen.

Memorial relative to Hull Harbour.

Committee on Shipping and Navigation Acts.

Bill to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals committed.

9° Mail A. 1787.

tailed England, and of the Monies directed to be issued to the Order of the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties therein mentioned: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums allowed by " the Justices of the Peace to the several Clerks of the " Peace, for Business done under the Acts for encouraging the Growth of Hemp and Flax."

Mr. Steele talso presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Seamen who have paid to the Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, &e. in ^be Merchants Service, to the Guild of Tripity House of Kingston upon Hull, from the 1st Day of January 1780 until the 31st Day of December 1785, both Years inclusive: And also,

" Copy of a Memorial presented to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in March last, by William Hammond, Henry Broadand Philip Green,

Esquires, relative to the Works, &c. done by the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mrl Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

And Mr. Steele moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made lor the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation: And that Mr . Steeleand Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to prevent Frauds in the Loading and Delivery of Coals sold, by Ship or Pool Measure, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or on either Side of the River Thames, from Putney Bridge to the utmost Extent of the Parishes of Saint Stepney, alias

Stebon Heath, and Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent; and to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure between the Parish of Saint Mary, hithe, in the County of Surrey, and the utmost Extent of the Parish of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Alderman &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the several Petitions Petitions which were presented to the House upon the 2d Day complaining of March last; and also, the several other Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Ses- re^jper 010 sion of Parliament, complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Lord Frederick Campbell, according to Order, re- Report ok ported from the Committee of the whole House, to !|",t whom it was referred to consider of the several Ac- Keveuue^ counts and Papers which were presented to the House Accounu. upon the 27th Day of April last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company; and also, of the Four Accounts N*38, 39, 40, and 41, which were presented to the House by the said Mr. Morton, upon Wednesday last; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sum Total of Debts owing by the East India Company in their different Settlements in the East Indies, and of Sums for which Bills have been granted, payable on the Court of Directors at Home, in pursuance of their Orders of the 15th Day of September 1785, amounted, according to the latest Accounts received in England, to the Sum of Nine Crore, Twenty-six Lacks,

Forty thousand One hundred and Sixty-two Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sum Total of the said Debts, bearing Interest, amounted to Seven Crore, Fifty-three Lacks, Seventy-nine thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Amount of Interest payable on the said Debts in India, before Bills had been granted for any Part of the same, was Sixty-three Lacks, Seventy thousand Two hundred and Fifty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Ophium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, from 1781-2 to 1783-4, to the Sum of, Five Crore, Two Lacks, Twenty-five thousand Five hundred and Fifty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the same Heads, for the Year 1786-7, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council of Bengal, to amount to the Sum of Four Crore, Ninety-five Lacks, Twenty thousand Two hundred and Forty-four Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, anti Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of collect- ,

ing the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances

and Charges on Account of Salt and' Ophium, for the <(#

Year 1786-7, are estimated, by the Governor General

and Council of Bengal, to amount to Three Crore,

Five Lacks, Fifty-seven thousand Four hundred and Eighty-seven Current Rupees; and that the Annual s*,

Charge defrayed by the said Company, under the w

Head of Buildings and Fortifications, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, from 1781-2 to 1783-4, ?

to Seven Lacks Current Rupees, making together *

9 Three

47 Geo. III. 9° Mali.

on?

WX :r Uj

*P3

iu-t

Hi

Three Crore, Twelve I^acks, Fifty-seven thousand Four hundred and Eighty-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint and the Settle-

ments subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy of the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms, and Licences, amounted on an Average of Three Years, from 1782-3 to 1784-5, to the Sum of Twenty-three Lacks, Ninety-five thousand Two hundred and Twenty-nine Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint , and the Settle-

ments subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the same Heads, for the Year 1786-7, is estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to Twenty-six Lacks, Seventy-two thousand Eight hundred and Seventy Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charge, to be defrayed by the said Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint and in

the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for the Year 1786-7, is estimated, by the Go-temor and Council at Madras, to amount to Twenty-four Lacks, Seventy thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-two Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Account now before the House, of the Amount of Revenue received by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, for the Three Years from 1780-1 to 1782-3, does not distinguish how much of the same arose from Revenues still in the Possession of the East India Company;

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for the Year 1786-7, are estimated; by the Governor and Council of Bombay, at Eleven Lacks, Forty-one thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1786-7, are estimated, by the Governor and Council at Bombay, at Forty-five Lacks of Rupees, but that the same are not properly distinguished into Civil and Military, and are also supposed to include some Arrears.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from 1782-3 to 1784-5, to the Sum of Ten thousand Six hundred and Seventy-six Spanish Dollars.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ati the Revenues Abstract Account, Settlement, Demand, Receipt, and of Reugal, Balance, of the Revenues of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, c,or ere . from April 1781 to the latest Period; distinguishing each Year.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Pectin r*E Fhat there be laid before this House, a Copy of the lndk Affairs. Fortieth and the Twenty-two following Paragraphs Neg. of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors of the East India Vol. 42.

Company, dated 16th November 1 /8f>, relative to the State of the Finances of the said Company;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being fead, for1 taking into Report of further Consideration the Report which was made from Articles of the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare ^nugainst Articles of Impeachment against Hastings, Mr. Hasting*

Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal', considered.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Articles of Impeachment be now read it Second Time, Article by Article \

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

f The Lord Maitland, 1 Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Michael > 175. [ TaylorJ

{Mr. Alderman Towns- end, > 89.

Mr. Scott, of IV2 Looe:J So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Preamble to the said Articles being fead a Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " That," and inserting the Word "And" instead thereof; by leaving out the Words " or could by Law be granted," ana inserting the Words " annexed thereto " instead thereof; by leaving out the Words " in ,the most ample " Form and Manner possible;" by leaving out the Words " still greater," and inserting the Word " great" instead thereof; by leaving out the Words "than had " belonged to the Office of President of the Presidency " aforesaid;" by leaving out the Words "said kstmentioned Office;" by leaving out the Words " by which Act the Power and Authority thereof were " conveyed to the said JVarren Hastings in the most full " and ample Manner possible," and inserting the Words " with all the Powers by Law belonging to the " said Office " instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " That," and inserting the Words " And " whereas" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " That," and inserting the Words " And whereas" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " all;" and by leaving out the Words " as far as in him lay."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Preamble, so amended, bfe the Preamble to the Articles of Impeachment against the said JVarren Hastings, Esquire.

The First Article being read a Second Time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " Prince or," and inserting the Words " a great Chief or" instead thereof; by inserting after the Word " the " the Word " said;" by leaving out the Words " this Kingdom," and inserting the Words " Great Britain " instead thereof; by leaving out the Word "him," and inserting the Words " the said Rajah" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " was," and inserting the Word " wefe" instead thereof; by inserting, alter the Word " he," the Words " the said JVarren Hastings;" by leaving out the Word " Power," and inserting the Word " Powers" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " on," and inserting the Word " in " instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " on," and inserting the Word "in" instead thereof;’by inserting, after the Word "oft," the Words "or about;" by leaving out the Word " July and inserting the Word "June" instead thereof; by inserting, after the Word "say," the Words "on of about;" by leaving out the Word " very;" by leaving out the Words "or thereabout;" by leaving out the Word " on," and inserting the Word "in" instead thereof; ' by inserting, after the Word "Eighty-one," the Words " by a Vote of Council;" by inserting, after the Word

9E "did,"

75°

9* — 10° Maii.

A. 1787.

" did," the Words " in the Manner aforesaidby inserting, after the Word " Rajah," the Words " of " certain Acts of Mis-government, and of Disaffection " and Breach of Faith and Duty to the Indict Com* " pany, and of other Crimes and Offences, which said " pretended Offences were set forth in a certain Paper " Writing delivered, or ordered to be delivered, to " the said Rajah by the said Warren Hastings'" by leaving out the Words " to the great Disgrace and " Discredit of," and inserting the Words " thereby " greatly disgraced and discredited" instead thereof; by inserting, after the Word " and, " the Words " which said Orders;" by leaving out the Word " himself;" by leaving out the Word " to," and inserting the Word " of" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " to," and inserting the Word "of" instead thereof; and by leaving out the Word " Consequence," and inserting the Word " Consequences" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be One of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into of Ways and a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 10' die Mail;

Anno 27* Georgii III*41 Regfs, 1737.

AN ingroSsed Powers of

Pkayjsks.

Bill for enlarging the Term and an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from by to

Kendell House, and from Molscroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year Of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Molscroft to Kendell House, and front Molscroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.-

Beverley Road Bill passed.

Means.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Kirkbymaf-Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish zeard of Kirkbymalzcard, in the County of York, #as read the *'

Third Time. p

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkbymalzeard, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lawrence do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Committee . Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-

on Duties on in„ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Licences to ° - - — - ~ -

retail Spirits, deferred.

American Loyalists Commissioners Bill deferred.

Debate on Aberbro-thock Two Pennies Scots Bill, adjourned.

to consider of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of imposing additional Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons who retail Spirituous Liquors.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, That the Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in die Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, widish the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, be committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lor*

Graces: have agreed-

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dudley and Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, of the Tipton Gm?® Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty- Ro#ds B,u* first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from a Place called The Nether near

Dudley, to Kingsivinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, within the Counties of Stafford and Worcester; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindlc aforesaid to Tipton Green, in the said Counties; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, East India An Act to enable the East India Company to con- Company’* tinue their Warehouses already built, and to build Warehouse* new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed ’ and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

"An Act for the further and better Regulation of " Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more " effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the " Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties " thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts and Places " within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes " of Saint Mary-le-bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and " Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex,

" and for indemnifying under certain Conditions,

" Builders, and other Persons, against the Penalties " to which they are or may be liable, for erecting " Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to " Law;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords for vesting Part of the Estates late of William Simpson, have passed Esquire, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

6 And

Googh

h

.:U

L

27 Geo. III.

ro° M

75*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

selves and others* the buyers or Dealers in Goals, in the Ad-within the Cities of London and Westminster, and measurement Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and of Coa1*' read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent Frauds in the Loading and Delivery of Coals, sold by Ship Account of The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from or Pool Measure, within the Cities of London and ti»e Revenues the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Westminster, or on either Side of the River

t(*ngud&C' the Do0r; he

was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- from Putney Bridge to the utmost Extent of the frtsea ' sented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Parishes of Saint Dunstan, , alias Stebon

An Abstract Account, Settlement, Demand, Receipt, and Saint Mary, in the Counties of

and Balance, of the Revenues of Bengal, Bahar, and sea\ Surrey, and and to prevent Frauds in the Orixa, from April 1781 to the latest Period; distin- Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure,

between the Parish of Saint Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and the utmost Extent of the Parish of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent",

and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be of great Pre-

forth and Clyde Navi-gallon Bill reported.

guishing each \ ear.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said judice to them, and all other Buyers or Dealers in Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Coals within the Limits aforesaid, not only by creat-the Members of tlje House. ing great Difficulties, Inconveniencies, and Delays,

The said Account is preserved amongst the other in the carrying on the said Trade or Business, but Papers of this Session. by laying an additional Burthen on such Buyers or

Dealers, and the Public: And therefore praying,

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, whom the Bill for altering and extending the Line of the against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass Cut or Canal authorized to be made and maintained by into a Law.

so much of several Acts, made in the Eighth, Eleventh, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Table, until the Report be received from the Com-His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and main- mittee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that taining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith or the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or C'oun-River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of sel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they Catron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River think fit.

of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Bumfoot, Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening said Petition, tiic said Cut or Canal, and for explaining and amending

so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and Mr. Baring reported from the Committee, to whom panden, be. maintaining the said Cut or Canal, was committed; the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, committed*" That the Committee had examined the Allegations of Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Bill reported, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made den and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed court, and Finescourt, in the Parish of Shipton under him to report to the House; and he read the Report Whichwoin the County of Oxford, was re-com-in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with mitted; That the Committee had made several other the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed the Amendments were Once read throughout; and him to report to the House; and he read the Report then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the tije Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where House. the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ingrossed. Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Order for B

PapistsDeeds Tuesday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ingrossed

and Wills In- <« for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds

mllment Bill - 6 - -

discharged,

»nd another Bill ordered.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit- AsbWne tee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Road Bill Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign reP°rte(* of His present Majesty King George the Third, for

" and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of " Protestant Purchasers," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to

for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and

Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers: from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh bury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, was

and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the committed; That the Committee had examined the same.

Papists Deeds and Wills Inrollment Bill presented*

Petition against the Bill to prevent Frauds

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were A Petition of Thomas Wood, Anthony Home, Thomas agreed to by the House.

Smith, and Betyamin Kennet,. Buyers or Dealers in Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment^ be Coals within the Port of London, on Behalf of them- ingrossed.

Vox- 42. Lord

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

75^ lo Mitiu A. inSi.

fearrow in- Lord George Cavendish reported froth thS Cotrf-re°ortedBl1 m't^ee> to whom the Bill for dividing and mtlosing repo e . ggvgrgi Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pas-

tures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, In the Parish of Barrow upon Trent, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclcr-sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

B3I for regu- TKe Lord Mulgrave presented to the House, ac-laiing the cording to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering Newcastle &t more effectual» an Act, made and passed in the Third kc. pre- ’ Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, sented. " An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal " Trade;" and also, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with " Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Report Ways Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the

and Meant. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fulloweth;

Expiring Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Law. That so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 1st Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several Acts made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the 1st Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Second and Third of the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and which Resolutions were, upon Tuesday last, agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Bill for pro-Order, a Bill more effectually to protect the Fisheries tecting the on the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called F,®he'!e*j’ England, and the Principality of Wales, ttmi for the *>reb* punishing of Offences against the Persons and Property 6f Owner# 6f Vessels, and others Concerned therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Pei*sons whose Names are there- Petition unto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Residents in against Mar-the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants And d IU® Residents in the said Town, tfas presented tt> the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are sincerely disposed to promote, and considerably interested in, the Objects of the Bill for improving the Pier or Harbour, and paving the Streets, of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mention* ed; and that the Petitioners, as well as the Inhabitants at large, considering the Persons? by them intrusted, and who undertook to do the requisite Acts preparatory to the said Bill, as actuated by Motives of general Good, and relying on their Assurances td' take the Sense and Approbation of the Inhabitants; as well in respect to the framing of the Bill, as the Nomination of Commissioners therein, were much alarmed on discovering, by Accident, that the said1 Persons bad designed, without any Communication^ with the Petitioners, or the Inhabitants, to get a Bill passed into a Law, with a very small Number of Commissioners, of their own framing and appointing/ most of which Commissioners would probably pay little or no Attention to the carrying such a Law into1 Execution; and that the Petitioners have since endear voured to induce the said Persons to a more candid and amicable Disposition, and particularly to insert in the said Bill, as Commissioners, certain Persons, being* substantial and reputable Householders in the Town, most of them Freeholders, paying large Rents, and well qualified, and very desirous to contribute to the Prosperity of the Place, in which they are deeply concerned, but, the Petitioners, instead of receiving any Satisfaction, are only given to understand, that, if they attempt an Alteration, the Bill shall be withdrawn, and are informed that a Petition is prepared to be presented to the House, praying, that no more Commissioners may be named, to which the Signatures of many of the lower Class of People have been obtained by Misrepresentation; and that the Petitioners, conceiving that a Business of such Magnitude ought not to be committed to the Management of a small Number, and understanding that, on similar Occasions, a great Number of Commissioners are generally appointed, they cannot but consider the said Exclusion, and many Circumstances attending it, as odious and oppressive, and the more so as they apprehend that no Reasons whatever can be given for it, than such as are founded in Views of private Emolument and personal Prejudice; and that the Petitioners believe the Clause in the said Bill, respecting the Assessment on Lodging Houses, to be superduous: And therefore praying, That the Persons undernamed in the Petition may be appointed Commissioners in the said Bill, and that the said Clause may be omitted, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Pier of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering, certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the . Streets,

jet of ,0*

rttKi

WlieT lit oil jorhoM (Hist.

bung!

fti

ay Geo. III. to6

Streets, Lanes, Highways, and public Passages, in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the hates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen, within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Lettm be- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-tw*en ‘k* pies of all Letters which have passed between the w*for*°aod Court of Directors of the East India Company and Mr. Ha$ting» Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of ordered. Bengal, relative to his Correspondence with Major Palmer and Major Darcy, or other Correspondence, wholly or in Part withheld from the Company's Records.

Another Ar- Mr. Burke, from the Committee, to whom it was title of 1m- referred to prepare Articles of Impeachment against P^iatMr Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of SSogort- Bengal, acquainted the House, That the Committee lerted. had prepared another Article of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Article of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

ARTICLE SEVENTH.

Whereas the Property of the Lands in Bengal is, according to the Laws and Customs of that Country,

an inheritable Property, or as such hath been generally held and reputed, and accordingly hath been charged with Debts, and sold, and otherwise conveyed; and the same is, with few Exceptions, vested in certain Natives, called Zemindars or Landholders, under whom other Natives, called Talaakdars or Ryots, hold certain subordinate Rights of Property or Occupancy in the said Lands: And whereas the said Natives are Hindoos, whose Rights and Privileges are grounded upon the Possession of regular Grants, a long Series of Family Succession, and fair Purchase: And whereas it appears that Bengal has been under the Dominion of the Mogul, and subject to a dan Government for above Two hundred Years:

And whereas while the Mogul Government was in its Vigour, the Property of the Zemindars was held sacred, and either by voluntary Grant from the said Mogul, or by Composition with him, the Native

doos were left in the free, quiet, and undisturbed Possession of their Lands, on the single Condition of paying a moderate and certain Revenue, or Quit Rent, to the Mogul Government, called the Aussil Jumma, or original Ground Rent of the Provinces, which had not been materially altered from the Time when it was first settled, in the Year One thousand Five hundred and Seventy-three, to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, when the regular and effective Mogul Government ended:

And whereas, from the last mentioned Period to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, Invasions, Usurpations, and various Resolutions took place in the Government of Bengal, in Consequence of which the Country was considerably reduced and im-

?overished; at which Time, that is to say, in the said "ear One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, the East India Company received from the present Mogul Emperor, Sha Alum, a Grant of the Dewanny, or Collection of the Revenues;

Vol. 49.

Mail. 75$

And whereas, about the Year One thousand Seven Seventh Af-hundred and Seventy, the Provinces of Bengal and tic,e of im-Bahar were visited with a dreadful Famine and Mor- P'^mwt tality, by which at least One-third of the Inhabitants MrHastings. generally, and iu many Places near One-half of the whole Inhabitants, perished, a Loss which could not, by any probable or almost possible Means, be recruited in Four or Five Years; yet nevertheless the Revenue was violently kept up to its former Standard, that is, in the Two Years immediately preceding the Appointment of the said Warren Hastings to the Government of Fort William, in consequence of which the remaining Two-thirds, and in many Places still smaller Proportion of the Inhabitants, were obliged to pay for the Lands then left without Cultivation; and the Country did accordingly languish from the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, and the Evil continued increasing every Day:

And whereas the said Warren Hastings well knew that the Lands had suffered unheard-of Depopulation by the Famine and Mortality aforesaid, and that Collections violently kept up to their former Standard, in the Two Years immediately preceding the Appointment of him the said Warren Hastings to the Government of Fort William, had added to the Distress of the Country, and threatened a general Decay of the Revenue, unless immediate Remedies were applied to prevent it: And whereas it became the bounden Duty of the said Warren Hastings, when appointed to the Government of Fort William, to apply such immediate Remedies as were within his Judgment and his Power: And whereas the said Warren Hastings well knew, and was satisfied in his Judgment, that by intrusting the Collections to the hereditary Zemindars, the People would be treated with more Tenderness, the Rents more improved, and Cultivation more likely to be encouraged, as he the said Warren Hastings well knew that the said Zemindars have a perpetual Interest in the Country; that their Inheritance could not be taken from them; that they are the Proprietors; that the Lands are their Estates, and their Inheritance; that from a long Continuance of the Lands in their Families, it was to be concluded that they bad rivetted an Authority in the Districts, acquired an Ascendency over the Minds of the Ryots, and conciliated their Affections: And whereas it was reasonable therefore to expect, and the said Warren Hastings was of Opinion, that solid Advantages might be expected from continuing the Lands under the Management of those who have a natural and perpetual Interest in their Prosperity; that the Zemindar would be less liable to Failure or Deficiencies than the Farmer, from the perpetual Interest which the former (the Zemindar) hath in the Country, and because his Inheritance cannot be taken from him, and it would be improbable that he should risk the Loss of it by eloping from his District, which the said Warren Hastings well knew to have been too frequently practised by a Farmer, when hard pressed for the Payment of his Balances, and as frequently pre-determined when, he received his Farm:

That the said Warren Hastings, well knowing the Premises, especially the calamitous and distressful State of the Country, from the Famine and Mortality aforesaid; and being well convinced in his own Judgment that the Calamities and Distresses were aggravated by the Collections being violently kept up to the Standard at which they were fixed before the said Famine; yet, being President of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, in Violation of his Duty to the Company, his Masters, and to the Prevention of solid Advantages to them, and with Danger of great Loss foreseen by himself, and in Contempt and Disregard of Property, Title, and Right,

9 F all

Smatk Artis!« of In* peachpaeat

against

754 10° Ma 1787.

all acknowledged by himself to be in the Zemindars, and to the Subversion of true Policy, according to his own Sense of that Policy, and with a total Neglect of Tenderness and Humanity to the Distresses and Calamities of the Inhabitants, he the said Warren Hastings, immediately after his Appointment to the Government of FortWilliam aforesaid, did make an arbitrary

Settlement of the Revenues for Five Years, at an higher Rate than had ever been received before, and with a progressive and accumulating Increase on each of the Four last- Years of the said Settlement.

That, to accomplish this iniquitous Purpose, he the said Warren Hastings did put the Lands of Bengal up to a pretended public Auction, and invited all Persons to make Proposals for farming die same, thereby encouraging Strangers to bid against the Proprietors; in consequence of which not only the said Proprietors ,were ousted of the Possession of their Estates, but a great Part fell into the Hands of the Banyans, or principal Black Servants, of British Subjects, connected with, and protected by, the Government; and this Measure was thus executed, though the said Warren Hastings must have foreseen it would happen, as he has since declared it did happen, that by this Way the Lands too generally fell into the Hands of desperate or knavish Adventurers.

That, instead of offering any Abatement to the In--habitants who had survived the Famine, the Policy of -which seemed as strongly implied as the Humanity was undoubted, by the Declaration of the said Warren Hastings, that the Collections kept up to the former Standard had added to the Distress of the Country, the Settlement made by the said Warren Hastings, if it had been or could have been rigorously exacted from a Country already so distressed, and from a Population so impaired as that, in the Opinion of the said Warren Hastings, it could not have been recruited in less than Four or Five Years, would have been in Fact what it appeared in Form, most cruel and tyrannical Oppression. But this Settlement, far from being realized, fell considerably short, even in the First of the Five Years, in which the Demand was lightest, and on the Whole of the Five-Years the real Receipts fell short of the Settlement, by a Sum so enormous as to exceed Two millions and an Half Sterling; and therefore the only Use for which a Settlement, evidently impossible to be realized, could be intended, or to which it could be converted, was the Means thereby afforded for obliging the Native Inhabitants to compound with those who made the said Settlement, and were possessed of Authority to enforce it And the said East India Company were grossly imposed upon in the First Instance, by a promised Increase of Revenue, and defrauded in the Second, not only by the Failure of that Increase, but by the Revenues falling short to a great Amount of what they were in the Two Years preceding the said Settlement.

That the said Warren Hastings, being then at the Head of the Government of Bengal, was a Party to all the said Imposition and Fraud, and to all the Peculation and Embezzlement which might or did arise therefrom, and is principally and specially answerable for the same; and the more especially so, as though the Court of Directors of the East India Company, on sundry Proofs of Peculation and Embezzlement being laid before diem, to which the arbitrary and violent Settlement aforesaid had given Occasion, did positively direct a Prosecution against the Persons who composed the Committee of Circuit, and against all other proper Parties, yet such Prosecution was never carried on to Trial, but, on the contrary, was wholly frustrated and relinquished by the said Warren Hastings, who proposed, and carried it in Council, that Orders should be given for withdrawing the said Prosecution; he the said Warren Hastings declaring, that he was clearly of Opinion that there was no Ground

to maintain them, and that they would only be productive of Expence to the Company, and unmerited Vexation to the Parties.

That previous to the Measure before described being carried into Execution, the said Warren Hastings did establish certain fundamental Regulations in Council, to be observed in executing the same: Amongst which Regulations it w as socially and strictly ordered, that no Farm should exceed the Annual Amount of One Lack of Rupees. And further, that no Peshcar, Banyan, or other Servant, of whatever Denomination, of the Collector, or Relation, or Dependant of any such Servant, should be allowed to farm Lands, nor directly nor indirectly to hold a Concern in any Farm, nor to be Security for any Farmer.

That in direct Violation of these his own Regulations, and in Breach of the public Trust reposed in him, and sufficiently declared by the manifest Duty of his Station, if it had not been expressed and enforced by any positive Institution, he the said Warren Hastings did permit and suffer his own Banyan, or principal Black Steward, named Canto Baboo, to hold Farms in different Purgapnahs or Districts, or to be Security for Farms, to the Amount of Thirteen Lacks of Rupees, of the Value of One hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds, or upwards, per Annumand after enjoying the Whole of these Farms for Two Years, he the said Canto Baboo was permitted by the said Warren Hastings to relinquish Two of them.

That in the whole of the Transaction aforesaid the said Warren Hastings has been guilty of manifest Breach of Trust to his Employers, and gross Collusion with his Servant, permitting him to hold or be Security for Farms, against the Spirit of his own Regulation, as the said Canto Baboo was the Bauyan or Steward of him the said Warren Hastings; and has been also guilty of acting against the Letter as well as Spirit of that Regulation, inasmuch as the said Farms, or Securities for Farms, amounted to a Sum enormously greater than that limited by the Regulation — the Regulation confining each Farm to One Lack of Rupees. And he was also guilty of a Fraud against the East India Company, by permitting him the said Canto Baboo, to relinquish the Security which he had given for the Payment of the Rent of certain of the said Farms at the Expiration of Two Years, during which Two Years the Rent was lowest, without Satisfaction made to the Company; to the great Loss of the said Company, the Masters and Employers of the said Warren Hastings.

And whereas the said Warren Hastings well knew, and was deliberately of Opinion, that great Expence and Inconvenience do always attend upon Innovations, and more especially he the said Warren Hastings was well aware of the Expences and many Inconveniencies attendant on Innovations in the Management and Collection of the Revenue of Bengal; that such Innovations caused a Suspension of the Collections; and that continual Variations in the Mode of collecting the Revenue, and the continual Usurpations on the Rights of the People, had fixed in the Minds of the Ryots a rooted Distrust of the Ordinances of Government: And whereas the said Warren Hastings was well and fully apprized, that the Directors of the East India Company were of Opinion, that a sudden Transition from One Mode to another, in the Investigation and Collection of their Revenue, might have alamied the Inhabitants, lessened their Confidence in the Company’s Proceedings, and been attended with other Evils: And whereas it has been always found by Experience that such Innovations in the ordering and Management of the Territorial Revenues in Bengal have teen the Source of much Fraud and Peculation in the Public Revenue, and of Vexation and Oppression to the People, yet the said Warren Hastings, in Contradiction to his own Conviction and Judgment;

7 and

.27 Geo. III. xo" Maii.

and against his own declared Opinion, and in Con- even yet further to support and give Permanence tempt and Neglect of the Opinion of the said Di- to tfte said System, the said Hastings, on the pettchm«nt*

rectors, did wantonly and corruptly, from the Com- Thirtieth of April One thousand Seven hundred and a^iim tuencement of his Government, in the Year One thou- Seventy-six, did transmit to the said Court of Di- Mr.tlastinp, sand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, to the Year rectors the Draught or Scheme of an Act of Par-One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, during liament for the better Administration of Justice in the which Years he was at the Head of the Government, Provinces, in which the said Establishment of Provin-either as Governor of Fort William, or as Governor cial Councils is again specially included, and special General, introduce and carry into Execution, without Jurisdiction assigned to the said Councils.

Reason or Necessity, many different Measures or That while the said Hastings suffered this

Changes in the Modes of Settlement, Collection, and System of Provincial Councils to subsist, and thus Management of the Territorial Revenues of Bengal, repeatedly and urgently recommended the Continua-all arbitrary and inconsistent with each other, and in tion thereof in all its Parts to the Court of Directors, most Cases standing in direct Contradiction to and and repeatedly advised the said Directors to obtain the subversive of some oilier Measure of the said Warren Sanction of Parliament for its Contihuance and Con-Hastings, as well as repugnant to his declared Opinions firmation, he the said Warren Hastings did invade; and professed Principles. alter, and violate the Principles on which it was pro-

That, in particular, the said Warren Hastings, imme- fessedly founded, by arbitrarily and corruptly detach-diately after his Appointment to the Government of ing sundry separate Collectorships from the General Fort William, in April One thousand Seven hundred Province of each Council, for the corrupt Purpose of

and Seventy-two, did abolish the Office of Naib providing lucrative Places for Persons favoured by

Duan, or Native Collector of the Revenues then exist- him, to the great Loss and Detriment of the East India ing; that he did at the same Time appoint a Com- Company, who were thus loaded with the Expence of i

mittee of the Board to go on a Circuit through the whole Establishment of the said Councils, and the Provinces, and to form a Settlement of the Re- with the further Expence of new Establishments for

venues for Five Years; that he did next appoint sun- the same Duties and Services, under the Name of se-

dry of the Company’s Servants to have the Manage- parate Collectors. — That the said Warren Hastings well ment of the Collections, by fixing One of the said knew that none of these his Acts were necessary or

Servants in each District under die Title of Collec- useful to the public Service, but were in every In

for; that he the said Warren Hastings did afterwards stance a corrupt Abuse of the Power, and a Breach of abolish the General Board of Revenue, or Council at the Trust reposed in him, for the Service and Gratifi-Muxadavad, assigning as his Reasons for such Aboli- cation of some Individual, as well as a partial Invasion tion, " That while the controuling and executive of that System which he had so repeatedly recom*

" Part of the Revenue, and the Correspondence with mended; all which Corruption, Breach of Trust, and " the Collectors, was carried on by a Council at Misgovemment, he the said Warren Hastings did sub-

Aluxadavad, the Members of the Administration at stantially avow, by declaring in Council, on the Nine?

" Calcutta had no Opportunity of acquiring that tho- teenth Of January One thousand Seven hundred and " rough and comprehensive Knowledge, which could Seventy-nine, that the present State of the Govern*

" only result from practical Experience ;" and be- ment was such as required temporary Expedients, and cause " the Orders of the Court of Directors, which the Union of private Interests with the Public. — ‘-That " established a new System, which enjoined many the said Warren Hastings did not produce any Fact or " new Regulations and Inquiries, could not properly Argument whatsoever, to shew the State of the Go*

be delegated to a subordinate Council; and it be- vernment to be such as he had described it, in that

" came absolutely necessary that the Business of the scandalous and criminal Justification of his criminal

" Revenue should be conducted under the immediate Actions; but if the State of the Government were

" Observation and Direction of the Board." really such as to require temporary Expedients, and a

That in Nooember One thousand Seven hundred and Sacrifice of the public to private Interests, the said Seventy-three, the said Warren Hastings did abolish Warren Hastings had criminally reduced it to that the Office of Collector, and transferred the Collection State, be having, for the Two preceding Years, pos-and Management of the Revenues to several Councils 9essed the absolute and uncontrouicd Power of Goof Revenue, commonly called Provincial Councils; vernment, by virtue of his casting Voice in Council. and did, on the Tw enty-fourth of October One thou- That the Court of Directors did send Orders to the sand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, earnestly offer Governor General and Council, dated the Fifth of his Advice (to the Governor General and Council, February One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-then newly appointed by Act of Parliament) for the seven, in the Words or to the Effect following: " If Continuation of the said System of Provincial Coun- " you are fully convinced that the Establishment of cils in all its Parts. — That the said Warren Hastings, " Provincial Councils has not answered, or is not in further Support and Recommendation of the said " capable of answering, the Purposes intended by System, did, on the Twenty-second of April One " such Institutions, we hereby direct you to form a thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, transmit to " new Plan for the Collection of the Revenues, and the Court of Directors a formal Plan for the future " to transmit the same to us for our Considers-

Settlement of the Revenues, and did therein declare " tion."

that, with respect to the Mode of managing the Col- That, very early in the Year One thousand Seven lection of the Revenue, and the Administration of hundred and Eighty-one, and within Two Months af-Justice, none occurred to him so good as the System ter the Departure of Philip Francis, Esquire, by w hose which was already established, of Provincial Councils. Departure the Council General was reduced to Two

— That, to give yet further Credit and Support to the Persons, he the said Wtirren Hastings, in Contradiction

Said System, be the said Warren Hastings, on the Eigh- to his own Sentiments repeatedly declared, and to his teenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and own Advice repeatedly and deliberately given, and in-Seventy-six, did transmit to the Court of Directors wilful Disobedience to the Orders of the Court of Di-another Plan for the better Administration of Justice; rectors, to whom he did not transmit any Plan fbtf in which Plan also the Establishment of the said Pro- their Consideration, did, on sundry false and contra^ vincial Councils was again specially provided for and dictory Pretences, and for his own corrupt Purpose*, confirmed; and the said Warren Hastings did recom- again change the whole System of the Collections of mend it to the Directors to obtain the Sanction of Par- the Public Revenue of Bengal, as also the Administro* liament for a Confirmation of the said Plan. — That; tion of Civil and Criminal Justice throughout the Y«jl. 43. Provinces,

IS6

to* Mail.

A. 1787-

Seventh Ar* Provinces, "by abolishing, and the said Jfrarren Hastings General and Council was reduced to Four Persons, tide of Ira- jid corrupjiy abolish the said Provincial Councils be- and continued so until April One thousand Seven hun-

agains'I; ^ore the Yearly Collection was finished; and the said dred and Seventy-nine, the said JVarren Hastings, for the

Mr.Hastings. JVan'en Hastings did endeavour, contrary to his Duty, - pretended Purpose of obtaining accurate States of the

to deceive the Court of Directors, by assigning false real Value of the Lands, as the Grounds on which a

Reasons for abolishing the said Councils; and so to new Settlement of the Provinces was to be constructed,

deceive the said Court, he the said Warren Hastings but in reality, and in Breach of his Trust and Duty, to did, in a Letter to the said Court, dated the Fifth of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, affirm, that the Plan of superintending and collecting the Public Revenue of the Provinces, through the

Agency of Provincial Councils, had been instituted

draw into his own Hands the sole Ordering, Management, and Government of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, did depute into all Parts of the Provinces a great Number of Native Officers, under the Title of Aumeens, appointed by, and accountable to for the temporary and declared Purpose of introduc- himself only, and armed with Powers of a dangerous, ing another more permanent Mode by an easy and arbitrary, and tyrannical Nature, to enquire into the gradual Change; such Affirmation being in direct Circumstances, Rents, and Profits of every Man’s Contradiction to his repeatedly declared Sense, in the Estate, and to compel a Discovery thereof, by arrest-Course of Eight Years, of the Wisdom of that Insti- ing and punishing those who should dare to oppose or tution, of the Necessity of never departing from it, disobey what was styled by the said JVarren Hastings

and. of his repeated Advice that it might be made perpetual by Act of Parliament. — Nor was the Abolition of the said Councils introduced by any easy and gradual Change, or by any Gradations whatever, as the said JVarren Hastings had falsely affirmed, in his

the Orders of Government. — That the pretended Purpose aforesaid was the more manifestly false, because the said JVarren Hastings had, upwards of a Year before this Appointment of Aumeens, informed the Court of Directors, by a Plan dated the Twenty-second of

Letter of the Fifth of May One thousand Seven hun- April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five,

dred and Eighty-one, to have been always intended, but was sudden and unprepared, and instantly accomplished by a single Act of Power of him the said ren Hastings, and before the Yearly Collection was

finished.

that the ascertaining the Value of the several Districts had been sufficiently accomplished: And the Falsehood of the said pretended Purpose is still more evident, because the said Warren Hastings well knew, and was perfectly convinced in his own Judgment and Opi-

That he the said JVarren Hastings, having thus arbi- nion, that there was not any Trust to be put in the

trarily and corruptly abolished the said Councils, did substitute in their Place a Committee of Revenue, consisting of Four Persons appointed by himself, on Principles opposite to those which he had himself professed, and with exclusive Powers, tending to deprive the Members of the Supreme Council of a due Knowledge of and Inspection into ...the Management

Accounts delivered in by the Aumeens; and that no Dependance could be placed on that Mode of Enquiry, as he knew that Aumeens were not to be trusted.

That, supposing an actual Valuation of all the landed Property of Bengal to be at any Time a just or necessary Measure, and that it had not been, as the said

of the Territorial Revenues vested by the Legislature JVarren Hastings declared-it had been, sufficiently ac-in the Governor General and Council, and in Effect to complished, yet, when he assumed the Power of ap-vest the same solely and intirely in the said JVarren pointing, and did actually nominate and appoint the Hastings; though the said JVarren Hastings had before Persons who were to execute such a Measure, and in-assigned the Necessity of such Knowledge, and of the vested them with an arbitrary and universal Power of immediate Observation and Direction of the General Investigation, Coercion, and Punishment, which gave Council at Calcutta, as a Reason for abolishing the them all Means of Fraud, Vexation, and Cruelty, it General Board of Revenue at Mtuvadavad; and he the was more peculiarly and indispensably necessary, and said JVarren Hastings did also appoint a Native of an the bounden Duty of the said JVarren Hastings to ap-infamous Character, generally distrusted, hated, and point none but Men tA the best, or at least of irre-

feared in the Province, and whom the said JVarren Hastings knew to be of such ill Character, called Gunga Govind Sing, to be Duan to the said Committee, an Office of great Power and Trust, and of such a Nature, that the Committee aforesaid must chiefly rely

proachable and unsuspected Characters, to an Office of such exorbitant Power and Authority; notwithstanding which, and in Neglect of such his bounden Duty, and to the Scandal of Government, to the Encouragement of all Misbehaviour and Misconduct in

upon the Integrity and Fidelity of the Person who fills Office, he the said JVarren Hastings did nominate and it, for the due Execution of their Functions in col- actually appoint to the principal Superintendance of lecting the Revenue and preserving the Subjects from this Business a Person called Gunga Sing, whom

Oppression. — That he the said JVarren Hastings did in- the said JVarren Hastings knew to be a Person of infa-vest the said Committee of Four Persons, in the fullest mous Character, and to be loaded with general Re-Manner, with all the Powers and Authority of the Go- proaches as aforesaid, and who had been before dis-vemor General and Council, and thereby took the missed, for Misconduct, from an Office which he held

general Management and Cognizance of the Revenue out of the Supreme Council, and deprived the Members thereof of the Means of acquiring such Knowledge of the State of the Revenue Business, as might ' enable them to execute the proper Duty of their Office, or arty Knowledge thereof whatsoever, without great Difficulty and Discouragement. — That the said Warren Hastings, by thus delegating the Powers of the Supreme Council to a Board consisting of Persons appointed by himself, or any other Board, acted in direct Disobedience to the lawful Orders of the Court of Directors, his Masters and Employers, and in open Contempt and Defiance of an Act of Parliament of the Thirteenth Y'ear of His present Majesty.

That immediately alter the Death of the late Colonel George Monson, in September One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, by which the Number of the Governor

in the Revenue Department.

That the said JVarren Hastings well knew, and was

satisfied in his Judgment, that granting long Leases of the Lands was more for the Interest of the East India Company, as well as more conducive to the Ease of the Inhabitants, than the Mode of Annual Settlements; and has declared, amongst many other Reasons and Arguments, that the Farmer, who holds his Farm for One Year only, having no Interest in the next, takes what he can with the Hand of Rigour; which, even in the Execution of legal Claims, is often equivalent to Violence; that such Farmer is under the Necessity of being rigid, and even crutl; that he will be tempted to exceed the Bounds of Right, and to augment his Income by irregular Exactions, and by racking the Tenants; and that the Discouragement, which Tenants feel from being transferred every Y'ear to new

Landlords,

ktti ( -^to

'H

:"^iq

M4y,

Committee on Duties on Licences to retail Spirits.

Report on allowing the Importation of Ebony.

27 Geo. III. 10

757

Landlords, contributes to injure the Cultivation and dispeople the Lands: notwithstanding which, and in Neglect of his Duty to, and in Disregard to the Interest of, the East India Company, and the Ease and Welfare of the Inhabitants, as well as in manifest Contradiction to all his own Professions and Declarations on the Subject, he the said Hastings did

approve of the Report of the Committee of Revenue, which he had appointed in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and to whose Discretion he had left it to fix the Term for which the ensuing Settlement should be made; which Committee declared, that, with respect to the Period of the Leases in general, to limit them to One Year would be the best Period. *

That, in thus approving the said recommended Settlement, he the said Warren Hastings did not hold himself bound or restrained by the Orders of the Court of Directors, but acted upon his own Discretion; and did again exercise that Discretion, in particular Instances, and for partial, interested, and corrupt Purposes, against his approved general Settlement for One Year, by granting perpetual Leases: And he the said JVarren Hastings did, for such partial, interested, and corrupt Purposes, grant perpetual Leases of Farms and Zemindaries to Persons specially favoured by him; and particularly he the said Warren Hastings so granted a perpetual Lease, of the Zemindary of bund to Canto Baboo, on very low Terms; which said

Canto Baboo was then Banyan or Steward to the said Warren Hastings.

That in all these Transactions the said Warren Hastings, first as President of the Presidency of William, and afterwards as Governor General, has corruptly and wilfully proceeded, in Violation of his Duty to the East India Company, his Masters and Employers; in Disobedience to their Orders, to the great Loss and Damage in their Revenues; in Defiance and Contempt of an Act of Parliament; to the Vexation, Oppression, and Destruction of the Inhabitants of gal; in Contradiction and Perversion of his own declared Sense of Duty and true Policy; and to the great Scandal and Reproach of the British Government in India: And that in all and each of the said Transactions the said Warren Hastings was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a N umber of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of imposing additional Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Persons who retail Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions, which. they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Air. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing the Importation of Ebony, of the Growth of Aj into this Kingdom, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him Vol. 4'2.

to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Importation of Ebony, of the Growth of Africa, into this Kingdom, be permitted, Duty-free.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time* was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a BiH, " or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual preventing of Smuggling in this " Kingdom," as relates to the Vessels therein particularly described, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Air. Gilbert, according to Order, imported from the Report of Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Duties onihi ferred to consider of the Duties payable upon the Im- Korean*1 portation of Foreign Geneva, the Resolutions which Geneva.0 the Committee had directed hitn to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Foreign Geneva imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Drawback of Four Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Foreign Geneva exported from this Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

O I/*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen w ho are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yes--terday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual preventing of Smuggling in this " Kingdom," as relates to the Vessels therein particularly described, and were then agreed to by the House,

That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Report of the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was Articles of made from the Committee to whom it was referred to IinPeach' prepare Articles of Impeachment against m*" Stings

tings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be considered, now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Second Article of Impeachment being read a Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " Begums," and inserting the Word " Begum " instead thereof; by leaving out the Words " so securely;" by leaving out the Words " rest of the ;" by leaving out the Word " who," and inserting the Word " which" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " of," and inserting the Word " over" instead thereof; by leaving out

9 G the

75$

io° Mali. A. 1787.

the Words " by Want of the Estates, or of the Equi- by leaving out the Word that," and viaerting the " valent stipulated for them," and inserting the Word Word " which" instead thereof; and by insetting,

" thereby" instead thereof; by leaving out the after the Words " Warren Hastings," the Words " by

Words " if it were a Treaty fit to be made;" by " all and every one of the said Acts."

inserting, after the Word " Judicature," the Words And the said Amendments were, upon die Question " at Fort William in Bengal;" by inserting, after the severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Word " and, " the Word " did," and after the Word Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be One

" Middleton," the Words " or by his Authority;" by other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said

leaving out the Words "which were much injured by Warren Hastings, Esquire.

" ill keeping, after they had been delivered to the The Sixth Article being read a Second Time.

" Agents appointed to receive them, and disposed of An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto; by

" for a reduced and inadequate Value;" by leaving leaving out the Word "sometime," and inserting the out the Word " by," and inserting the Wards " and Word " heretofore" instead thereof.

were the Means of" instead thereof; by leaving out And the said Amendment was, upon the Question the Word " compelling," and inserting the Words put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

"of reducing" instead thereof; by inserting after the , That the said Article, so amended, be One

Words " Sujah ul DonUa? the Words " dependant other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said " upon the said Begums;" by leaving out the Word Warren Hastings, Esquire.

" andby leaving out the Word " being," and in* Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed. serting the Word "although" instead thereof; by That a Clause be prepared, saving Liberty Saviafc

leaving out the Word " having;" by leaving out the to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against Cl;iu*« t« b* Word " withdrawn," and inserting the Word " with- the said /Hastings, Esquire; and that he may pre*)lir’r‘1'

" drew" instead thereof; aHd by inserting, after the be put to answer the said High Crimes and Misde-Word " aforesaid," the Word " having." meanors.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is refer* severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. red to prepare Articles of Impeachment against the said

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be One Warr Hastings, Esquire,1 do withdraw immediately* other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said and prepare the said Clause.

Warren Hastings, Esquire. Mr. Burke reported from the said Committee, That Reported.

The Third Article being read a Second Time; they had, pursuant to the Order of the House, prepared

Several Amendments were proposed to be made a Clause, saving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit -thereto, by leaving out the Word " Ojfghans," and any further Articles of Impeachment against Warren inserting the Wood " Affgham" instead thereof; by Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, leaving out the Words " his Ward;" by leaving out and that he may be put to answer the Articles of Im-the Words ".as by the Nature of the said Act appeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against " pears;" by leaving out the Word " Agreement;" him; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-by inserting, after the Word "or," the Word " un- wards delivered the Clause in at the Clerk’s Table:

" der;" by leaving out the Words " of Non-payment Where the same was read; and is as followeth; tf of certain Sums pretended to be due from the said viz.

" Musuffer Jung, or the better Recovery of the same;" And the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, by by inserting, after the Word " having," the Words Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exliiat or about the same Time;" by inserting, after the biting, at any Time hereafter, any further Articles, or Word "at," the Words " or about;" by leaving out other Accusation or Impeachment against the said the Words "or nearly about the Time;" by leaving Warren Hastings, Esquire, and also of replying to his out the Word " all;" and by leaving out the Word Answers which he shall make unto the said Articles,

" and, " and inserting the Word " with " instead or any of them, and of offering Proof to all and every thereof. the aforesaid Articles, and to all and every other

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Articles, Impeachment, or Accusation, which shall be severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. exhibited by them, as the Case shall, according to the

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be One Course of Parliament, require, do pray that the said other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, may be put to answer the Warren Hastings, Esquire. said Crimes and Misdemeanors, and that such Pro-

The Fourth Article being read a Second Time; ceedings, Examinations, Trials, and Judgments, may

Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the be thereupon had and given, as is agreeable to Lata Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Has- and Justice. tings, Esquire. The said Clause being read a Second Time, was.

The Fifth Article being read a Second Time; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

Several Amendments were proposed to lie made House, thereto, by leaving out the Words " for conducting Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed with the tf the Government of Bengal? by leaving out the said Articles of Impeachment.

Words " on or about the Times last aforesaid ;" by Resolved, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be Mr. Hasting* leaving out the Words " That by an Act of Parlia- impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors. i° in-

" ment passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Ordaed, That Mr. Burke do go to the Lords, and, at Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Govern- their Bar, in the Name of the House of Commons,

" ment of the Affairs of the East India Company," and of all the Commons of Great Britain, do impeach

" the Government of Bengal was vested in a Governor Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of

" General and Council — That by the Tenth Section Bengal, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and-

" of the said Act of Parliament the said Warren Has- acquaint the Lords, that this House will, with all contings was appointed Governor General — That sub- venient Speed, exhibit Articles against tana, and make " sequent to the passing of the said Act of Parlia- good the same.

" ment the said Ft/zoola Khan," and inserting the

Words " and in consequence thereof" instead thereof; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Duties ard by leaving out the Word " those," and inserting the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Draw-backs Word " such" instead thereof; by inserting, after House, tQ consider of the Duties aBd Drawbacks on Lsiat»d. the Words " Sir Elijah Impey? the Word " KnightGlass.

~ ' The

A

*jil

Jl

Mh

lii'JlS

sti.

titfo

>1

1 Udli

: Re. r Ac-5 de-

'dican

Juts

Y1HS-

W Bi xiti

"^:t

i:.

'>r;

27 Geo. III. ia® — n 759

Bill for Sale The other Orders of the Day being read; mitted; That the Committee had examined the AMe-

«fllous'-e. Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowMom- gations of the Bill, and found the same te be true;

4c- ^)'jnS* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

Majesty lie- llPon the Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Grounds and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

tried/ belonging to His Majesty. had directed him to report to the House; and he

Committee Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered 00 Act fog, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table

"^Twh* *° consider of an Act, made in the Second and Third Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

E?de.,te Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

ferred.’ " An Act agaiitst the carrying of White Ashes out of Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Realm." the House.

Jamaica, Sec. Ordered, That the Bill fer allowing the Importation Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Mer- ingrossed. err ’ chandize, in the Port of Kingston, Savannah la Mar,

Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Ja~ A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ratcliffs. In-maica; in the Port of Saint George, Id the Island of Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds* closure BUI

Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, iu- the Island «f Domi* lying within the Parish- of Ratcliffe upon Trent, in the C0IDiaiW

vica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island-of New County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Regulations and Restrictions, be read a. Second Time Mr. Jolliffe, &e.: And they are to meet Ibis

Tomorrow Morning. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

BDIforFarm- Ordered), That the BiH (now ingrossed) to eoablathe Chamber, ing Diairs 00 Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioner* of thoTrea-

<«t uiscs sury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties A Bill for ascertaining the Powers and Jurisdiction Bakers Com-granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Yfoar of of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Cdm- Pttny Bill ilis present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for pany of Bkkera of the City of London, for preventing travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a be willing to contract for the same, be read the Third B&ker, and for amending so much of an Act, passed Time Tomorrow Morning. . in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider " due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and of the several Accounts and-Papers which were pre- " Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adul-seated to the House, upon the 27th Day of April last, " Meal, Flour, or Bread," as relates to the

by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Charter and Bye Laws of the said Company, was read Company, and also of the Four Accounts, N" 38, 8 Second Time.

39, 40, and 41, which were presented to the House by Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder-tile said Mr. Morton, upon the 2d Day of this Instant man Newnham, Mr. Alderman Sm>bridge, 8te.: And May, be taken into further Consideration To-morrow- they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clbck,

Morning. in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole An ingrossed BUI from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bowles's House, upon the Bill for appointing* Commissioners for discharging certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Es,ate. further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Coun- coniluUU such Persons who have suffered iu their Rights, Pro- tics of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Berks, Part of perties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dis- the Estate of Oldftdd Bowles, Esquire, from the Uses, sentians in America, in consequence of their Loyalty Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Go- and by the Settlement made previous- to the Marriage vernment. of the said Oldfield Brneles with Mary his now Wife,

and for settling the Manor of North Aston, and other And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, of Morning, Ten of the Clock. greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Warwick Bampfyhle, Mr. Young, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to Sussex Gaol

whom the Bill for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and Bill reported other the Premisses belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the County of Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purposes of conveying the same to the Right ho-Portsmouth A BILL for building a new Chapel upon Ports- nourable Frances Viscountess Irwin, and her Heirs,

Chapd Bill f\ mouth Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the and to declare the new Gaol or Prison lately built,

committed. County of Southampton, w as read a Second Time. to be the Common Gaol for the said County, was

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain committed; That the Committee had examined the Cornwallis, Mr^ Jervoise, See.: And they are to meet Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Chamber. Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through Stamford, Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

Slc.Hoad’ whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of which they had directed him to report to the House;

Bill reported. Xwo Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward*

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

the Second, for repairing the Road between Stamford Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was com- read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

Vol. 42. One;

Veneris, 11* die Maii;

Anno 27® Georgii III"' Regis, 1787. Praters.

deferred.

Cmisidf rain n of Hast India Compilin'Ke-Nffnue Accounts deferred.

American Loyalists Cinnniis-Moneis Bill dflmeiL

760

ii9 Mail

A1787.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

The Lords have agreed to

Glasgow Road Bill.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse Newcastle in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon j^y"ous* Tyne, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir White Ridley, Sir Michael Le Fleming, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

com-witteu.

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The -Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Redbum Bridge, Xhe House tein iDformed that Mr. Morton, from Letter* be-and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow Directors of the East India Company, attended at tween the to Redbum Brulge; and for repairing the Road from the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented.

Redbum Bridge \o Bomy Water, and from thence to to ±e House. Dureuant to their Order. wSSSj

Cart Navigation Bill.

Martin and Lin wood Inclosure, &c. Bill.

Hippius's Nat. Bill.

Balby Road Bill.

or near Loanhead, in the County of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Falkirk to without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a Navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens, within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, and within the Parish of Blatikney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hippius; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road " from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York,

" to Worksop, in the County of Nottinghamwithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Margate Pier and Paving

Mr. Charles Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Pier of Mar- Bill reported, gate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent;

for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and public Passages, in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen, within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Residents in the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants and Residents in the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of all Letters which have passed between the presented. Court of Directors and Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, relative to his Correspondence with Major Palmer and Major Davy, and other Correspondence, wholly or in Part withheld from the Company’s Records.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- B;n resp«t. cording to Ord$r, a Bill for obviating Objections to the ing Compe-Competency of Witnesses, in certain Cases: And the tencyof 'Vit* same was received; and read the First Time. pre*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ’

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Bill for According to Order, a Bill for taking and swearing Affi- davits, kc. davits to be made Use of in the Court of Session of *he Cliurt the County Palatine of Chester, and for taking of Spe- chester^pw-cial Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the same tented. ’ Court: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Yrtf ili rep

-afford

kllpas

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Barrow several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, closure Bill Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor P88*^ and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon Trent, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. 1. 26. To leave out from " that" to " if,* in Line 28.

1. 37. To leave out from " for" to " any," in Press 33, Line 3.

Pr. 33. 1. 9. To leave out from the first " of" to " such," in Line 11.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titla be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon , in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aa

Fife*

iut

iii for king t

C«1T,

k

*4

'on*.

27 Geo. III.

11 ° Mail.

j6i

Ashborne Hoad Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and may be heard, at the Bar of the House, by themselves

or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending ands rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade;" and also for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the

Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tut-bury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing

nV

1 la

and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turn- to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the

pike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Coun- " Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," be read a Series of Derby and Stafford. cond Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon

’ Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dohington

Inclosure

Sir John Thoroldreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Bill reported, and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Dorrington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Com-

their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Callicoe That the ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Printers Bill mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Cal- Passed> Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, re- licoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof larive to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a and that the Committee had examined the Allega- limited Time, be now read the Third Time;

Stafford Gaol Bill passed.

rions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place1; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

zvn-1

78.

r: J

Tellers for the Noes,

14-

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Alderman Newn-ham,

Sir Joseph.

f Mr. Dempster, "1

\ The Lord /

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Burke reported, That he had, pursuant to the Report of Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House of Mr. Hastings

----, --------- r — ----- ---- ---- Lords, impeached Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Go- beinf!

be, An Act for building a new Gaol, and providing vernor General of Bengal, of High Crimes and Mis- peac a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correc- demeanors.

tion, for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively.

Ordered, That Captain Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition against the Bill for regulating the Coal Trade

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is King’s Con-concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the sent to Sara-Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- d®"> &c* {" dows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the c °*ure Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, Merriscourt, and Finescourt, in the Parish

of Ship ton under Wkichwood, in the County of Oxford,

I !

A Petition of the Governor, Stewards, and Brethren

the Fraternity of Hoastmen, of the Town of Newcastle which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon to whom the same had been re-committed; nm Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

tNewcastle, forth, That the Petitioners are, by Prescription and Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, &c. ’ Charter, a Guild or Fraternity, for the loading and having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill,

vending of Coals in the River Tyne, and divers Rights, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest Privileges, and Immunities are incident, and do belong, to such Guild or Fraternity; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been presented for regulating the Entry of Ships to be laden with Coals the River Tyne, and they are of Opinion that the

far

is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

m

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

..... — . — j — ,___________ — Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported '^be*t’d&c*

said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be materially in- from the County of Norfolk, from the Year 1780 to ’ or*

jurious to the Chartered Rights of the Petitioners, the Year 1786, inclusive; distinguishing the Quantity and also highly prejudicial to the Coal Trade of the of each Kind of Grain in each Year, and from what Port of Newcastle: And therefore praying, That they -Port or Place within the said County, and to what Vol. 42. 9H Port

7#3

II

Mail.

A. 1787,

House adjourns to Monday,

Charge

Port or Place the same was exported, and the Bounty paid thereon.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Drawbacks on Glass,

against Mr. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, da* to consider further of the several Articles of Charge nried. cf High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for farm- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ing Duties on Reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable the Lord Post Hones High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, pasted. for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same, be now read.

- And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

(The Marquis of

Tellers for the Yeas,'! ,} 116.

[Mr. Rose:

tvii r_ *1 xt /The Lord Maitland, j

Tellers for the Noes, James =6'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Duration of the Act

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Rooked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

OAHnittee Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House

coaeider to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, rfDuu*« aBd to consider of the Duties and Drawbacks on Glass, be

aow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rote took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rote reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Second -Reading of Bill for regulating the Coal Trade

Ordered, That the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act; made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intitu-at Newcastle, led, " An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal

printed.

" Trade;" and also, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with " Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enforce and render more effectual several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts, made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of;

in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica-, and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read -a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from tire Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of imposing additional Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons who retail Spirituous Liquors, was re-committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Com-2 mittee,

Shipping and Navigation Bill presented*

Jamaica, &c. Free Ports Bill committed.

Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into Fees,&c. of Public Offices, ordered*

Public Office* Commissioners Bill presented*

Lottery Bill committed.

Report of additional Duties on Licences to retail Spirits.

'Vr

47 Geo. III.

ii*- Mail

l6i

"Id

'i'j*

L

L

mittpe, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow* eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pounds Eight Shil-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans Bill for lings be charged upon every Fereon, having a Licence >or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One rawing a to retail Spirituous Liquors, who shall inhabit any thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read by Loan or*

Exchequer Bills committed.

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read a Second {^chequer Time. _ Bills com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. mitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

any

House, not rated to the Duty on inhabited Houses, imposed by the Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, at an Annual Rent of Fifteen Pounds or upwards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Two Pounds Sixteen Shillings be charged upon every Person, having a Licence House, upon the said Bill, to retail Spirituous Liquon, who shall inhabit any

House, rated to the Duty on inhabited Houses, imposed A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Ex* Bill for by the Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand «'*{"« ®

at an Annual Rent of Fifteen Pounds and upwards, c---- ---- — - — J - c------1 furth,r Sum

and under Twenty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Three Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every Person, having a Licence to retail Spirituous Liquors, who shall inhabit any House, rated to the Duty on inhabited Houses, imposed

by the Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, House, upon the said Bill, at ao Annual Rent of Twenty Pounds and upwards,

and under Twenty-five Pounds. _ The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for Sals

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Houses,

That an additional Duty of Three Pounds Twelve Shil- Upon the Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Ground *c-

lings he charged upon every Person, having a Licence belonging to His Majesty; M8actv

to retail Spirituous Liquors, who shall inhabit any j RThat this House will, upon Monday Mom- deferred. House, rated to the Duty on inhabited Houses, imposed ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, by the Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, at an Annual Rent of Twenty-five Pounds and upwards, and under Thirty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Four Pounds be charged upon every Person, having a Licence to retail Spirituous Liquors, who shall inhabit any House, rated to the Duty oa inhabited Houses, imposed uy the Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, at an Annual Rent of Thirty Pounds and upwards, and under Forty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Four Pounds Eight Shillings be charged upon every Person, having a Licence to retail Spirituous Liquors, who shall inhabit any House, rated to the Duty on inhabited Houses, imposed by the Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, at an Annual Rent of Forty Pounds and upwards, and under Fifty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Four Pounds Sixteen Shil-

exporting

WhiteAihes.

Ml for raising a Sum by Loan* or Exchequer Bills committed.

lings be charged upon every Person, having a Licence to retail Spirituous Liquors, who shall inhabit any House, rated to the Duty on inhabited Houses, imposed by the Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, at an Annual Rent of Fifty Pounds and upwards.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, apd bring in, the same.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol. 42.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself Committee into a Committee of the whole House, to consider 0D 'Vct of an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of the " Realm."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That he -was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled,

" An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out " of the Realm."

And Mr. Steele moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Ml to B*R ordered, repeal an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edtoard the Sixth, intituled,

" An Act against foe carrying of White Ashes out " of the RealmAnd that Mr. Steele and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, foe same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from foe Committee of Report on the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider East Indlj* of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House, upon the 27th Day of April last, Accounts by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India deferred. Company; and also, of the Four Accounts, N°*38,

39, 40, and 41, which were presented to the House, by the said Mr. Morton, upon the 2d Day of this Instant May, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolvedt

764

American Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Loyalists ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ereBUl*1*0" H°use> upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners deferred. further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all

such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dis-sentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

A. 1787.

Ordered, That Sir Jokn Thor old do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for obviating Objections to the Competency Bill; — Com of Witnesses in certain Cases, was read a Second petencyof Time. Witnesses,

Resolved \That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing next, Ten of the Clock. upon the said Bill.

11 ° — i40 Mali.

Luna:, 14* die Mail;

Anno 27* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1787.

' PttAYERS.

MargatePier A N ingrossed Bill for re-building the Pier of Bill ^asaed , gate’

in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of 1 passe . Kent.. for ascertaining establishing, and recovering certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and Public Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish

of Saint Jokn the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen, within the said Town; and, for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title „ be, An Act for re-building the Pier of Margate, in

the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and Public Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish of John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanfor settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen, within the said Town; and, for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dorrington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Bill passed. an(j Waste Lands, within the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and j Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, and Waste

Lands, within the Parish of Dorrington, in the County of

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stamford and An ingrossed Bill for enlarging-the Term and Powers

Grantham of Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth

mmH Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

A Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made Bill use of in the Court of Session of the County Palatine Affidavits, of Chester, and for taking of Special Bail in Actions CourtofSes-and Suits depending in the same Court, was read a siouofChes-Second Time. ter, com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. nutted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Berwick Road leading from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed Bill by Ayton Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees of Pass of Cockburnspath, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Borough of Bencick upon Tweed by Ayton Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie Causeioay and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Home do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom Hursley and the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Newbu3n Powers, of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Hursley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Nervtown River-, and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in the said Town of Newbury, to the Turnpike Road at Speenhamland, in the said County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Sar*den,4t. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Inclosure Bill dows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in *>asse ’ the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of

Lyneham,

', for<

slap1

.godm

SNC

rodfle'

iieB

lie Lor at? pa'

vQfVt

kBil

H His 1! York

to Bill

Jstted.

khv -oras iiil ret

(I

sent;

DC} of

27 Geo. III.

14 0 Mali.

765

Lyneham, Aferriscourt, and Finescourt, in the Parish of The House being informed of a Mistake in the Account.

Shipton under Whichwood, in the County of Oxford, was Account of the present State of the Fund of the Royal respecting

read the Third Time. Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and of the Number

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of Men borne on the Establishment thereof; distin- withdrawn,

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common guishing the Expence of the Hospital from that of the and another

Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Com- Pensioners, which was presented to the House upon the ordered-

mon Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of 7th Day of this Instant May;

Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, Merris- Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said

court, and Finescourt, in the Parish of Shipton under Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account

Whichwood, in the County of Oxford. instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the

The House being informed that Mr. , from Account of

The Lords bavt agreed to

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made

the Commissioners and Directors of Greenwich Hospi-

tal, attended at the Door; he was called in; and,

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their presented.

Order,

An Account of the present State of the Fund of the

Amendments by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vest- Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and of the ~ ins Part of the settled Estates of the Right honour- Number of Men borne on the Establishment thereof; able George James Earl Choh notideley, in the County of distinguishing the Expence of the Hospital from that Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, of the Pensioners.

to LordChol i.-tondelev’s Estate Bill.

The Lords have passed Homeyer’s Nat. Bill.

and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Homcycr; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Archbishop An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act t^Rii *ts* ^or vesl*n" the Estates in the County of York, and also mated. C0U1* *ie Heir Looms, devised and bequeathed by the Will of the Honourable and Most Reverend Robert late Lord Archbishop of Yin Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

waring, Mr. Murray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at F’ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.-Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment of High Articles t Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Impeach- Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, were read,

The Amendments following were proposed to be to made to the Title of the said Articles; viz. to the Lords.

To leave out from the Word " Articles " to the End of the Title, and to insert the Words " exhibited " by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and " of all the Commons of Great Britain, against " ren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against " him for High Crimes and Misdemeanors," instead thereof.

Duchy of Lancaster BUI rend 3*.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and N ineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Title of the said Articles was amended at the Table intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and accordingly.

" Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, " and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey, and to encourage the " Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said " Duchy," and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Scite, Buildings, Sussex Gaol and other the Premises belonging to the Old Gaol Bill passed, or Prison of the County of Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purpose of conveying the same to the Right honourable Frances Viscountess Irwand her Heirs, and to declare the New Gaol or Prison, lately built.

And an ingrossed Clause being offered to be added to be the Common Gaol for the said County, was read to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for appropriating Mo- the Third Time.

Debate on Motion for reading a Clause a° adjourned.

Papists Deeds and Wills Inrollment Bill committed.

nies.to arise by certain Provisions of the Bill, in Payment of the Expences of Inclosures;

The said Clause was read the First Time.

And a Motion being made. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the Premisses belonging to the Old Gaol or Prison of the County of Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purpose of conveying the same to the Right honourable Frances Viscountess 1min, and her Heirs, and to declare the

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till To- New Gaol or Prison, lately built, to be the Common

morrow Morning.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers, was read a Second Time.

« Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

V 0 l.

Gaol for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to tins Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir James Johnstone presented to the House, accord- Bill for rating to Order, a Bill for further regulating the Elec- lilting Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part *I0IIS| foij of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was prf~

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

9 I Ordered,

14* Maii. A. 1787.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Pay, for the House on BlH fcr to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, raWngaSom ypQjj gjn fer raising a certain Sum of Money, by Kchegirtr* Loans or Exchequer Bins, for the Service of the Yes* BIDS. One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seeett, be sow read.

And the said Order being read' accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the Sahie.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whoie House, tTer^un/'b" upon BH1 for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex^ L°ans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year chequer Bills, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. 1Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, mid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hduse will please to receive foe same.

Ordered, That thfe Report be received Tomorrow Mofhdig.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Pay, for the House «i Bill for tb rtsblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Z'sU by upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- Bills. sand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Matqni» of Graham took the Chair of the Com suttee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Moraing.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Debate on the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon ^rbro-Tuesday last, That' the Bill for continuing the Term of p^Js^ Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign Bill, ad-of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the joumed. Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, be committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Report <m into further Consideration the Report from the Com- £ t India mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred C°mPan/* to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which coMUMiut were presented to the House, upon the 27th Day of demi.

April last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of foe East India (Company; and also, of the Four Accounts,

N°* 38, 39,40, and 41» which were presented to the House by foe said Mr. Morton, upon the 2d Day of* this Instant May, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take foe said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed foe Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wheh foe House wftl please to receive foe same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

Articles of Mr. Burke reported, That he had delivered to foe Impeach- Lords, and left with their Lordships, the ingrossed Wr?HafSngs -Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misde-delivered to meanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Cover-Lords. nor General of Bengal-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in foe Porte of ‘Kingston, Savannah4a Mar, -. Bay,

and Santa Lucea, in foe Island of Jamttioa; -In the Port of Saint George, in the Island of; -in the Port

of Roseau, in the Island "Of Dominica; and,4n foe Port of Nassau, in the Island Providence, one of the

Bahama -Islands, under certain Regulations -and Restrictions, be now redd.

4

Committee on Jamaica, &c. Free Port* Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Act for Tn-House, by His Majesty’s Command, crease of

An attested Copy of an Act, passed in the Parlia- Shipping and ment of Ireland, for the further Increase and Encou- ^scuted?* ragement of Shipping and Navigation.

And the Title of foe said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst’ the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to enforce and render more effectual several Shipping and Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Navigation Charles the Seoond, and other Acts made for foe In- corara!l crease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of foe whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon foe said Rill.

The House was moved, That foe Resolutions of mink! in the House of foe and Day 4>f May 1782, might be 1782, to Sir read George Bod-

read’ And"*

27 Geo. III.

I4q Mm

7*7

gtmuclHood, kc. read,

god to be printed in the Votff.

And the some were read accordingly J apd are p

followed); viz. _ _ , _ ,

" Resolved, Norm* Contradicente, That t^e Thanks of this House be given to Sir George Rodtiey,

" Baronet, Knight of the Most honourable Order of " the Bath, for his able and gallant Conduct in the " late most brilliant and decisive Victory obtained " over the French Fleet in the West Indie's, by the " Fleet under his Command."

" Resolved, Nemme Contradicente, That the Thank? " of this House be given to Rear Admiral Sir Samuel " Hood, Rear Admiral Drake, Commodore Affleck, and " Sir Charles Douglas, and to the several Captains and " Officers of the Fleet under the Command of Sir " George Brydges Rodney, for their Bravery and gallant " Conduct on the said late most glorious Occasion;

" and that Sir George Brydges Rodney do signify the " same to them."

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the said Resolutions be printed in the Votes of this Day.

Petitions

Bill hr regulating the Coal Trade at Newcastle,

Ac.

s

r’!

A.1' I

A Petition of the Coal Owner? upon the Riyer Tyne: gainst the And also,

A Petition of the Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne',

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been presented for regulating the Entry of Ships to be laden with Coals in the River; and the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the said Bill, if passed into a Daw, will be materially injurious to the Coal Trade, and highly prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners, and to the Shipping of the said Port?: And therefore praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Rill, and that the same may pot pass into a Law, and that the Petitioner? may have such other Relief in the Premise? a? to the House shall seem meet.

Were severally presented to the House, and read-Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Third year of his late Majesty, intituled " Ap " Act for the better Regulation of the Coal " Trade;" and, an Act was also passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of " Newcastle and Sunderlandand that the Provisions made by the said Two Acts have been found inadequate to remedy the inconv<£ niences and Evils existing in the Coal Trade, and in the loading of Ship? with Coals in the River Tyne, by Turn and in Rotation, as therein mentioned, and the Petitioners conceive, unless some speedy Regulations are adopted in the Method of ascertaining the Turn of Rotation in which Ships are to be laden with Coals, and for removing many Impositions and Frauds existing in the said Trade, the Shipping in that Trade must, greatly decrease, and consequently that grand Nursery for Seamen" be much impaired: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideiiation.

. *’ shall

Petitions in [avour of D*

anjd grant such Relief therein as to them sh seem mept.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for pmending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and parsed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better' Regulation of the Coal Trade," and also, for amending and rendering more effectual an f Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of " Newcastle and Sunderland" be read a Second Time.

The Hoyse was moved, That the Order, made upon Second And the said Petitions were severally ordered Friday last, for reading the said Bill a Second Time

to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for Tomorrow Mprning, might be read. ferred. *

amending and rendering more effectual And the said Order being read accordingly;

an Act, made and passed in the Third Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Year of the Reign of his l?te Majesty, in- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

tituled, ‘‘ An Act for the better Regula- upon Friday Morning next.

" tion of the Coal Trade," and also, for

j: 1 J . Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Beportre-

Coxnmittee of the whole House, to whom it was re- peeling Du-ferred to consider of the Duties and Drawbacks on Gla?s, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, fhat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Excise, eF One Shilling and Five Pence Half-penny, be charged upon every Square Foot, superficial Measure, of French Plate Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the French King, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Excise, of One Pound Nine Shillings,

amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the loading , " of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of "Newcastle and Sunderland," be read a Second Time; and t^e Petitioners ?re tp Jbe then beard, by themselves or Cpunsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

ties and Drawbacks on Glass.

A Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Tffde from the River Tyne, residing at or near Newcastle upon Tyne,

North Shields, and South Shields, and Places adjacent:

And also, .

A Petition of -the Owners and P^rt Owners of Ships be charged upon every One hundred Weight of French and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the Flint Glass, or French Enamel, Stained or Paste Glass, River Tyne, residing at or near Whitby, in the County or French Phial Glass, which shall be imported into of York, and Places adjacent: And also. Great Britain directly from any of the European Do-

A Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships niinions of the French King, and so in Proportion for and Vessels employed in the Copl Trade from -the any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Ini* River Tunc, residing at Sunderfapd, near the Sesa, in the porter thereof before the landing thereof.

County of Durham, and Place?,adjacent; Resolved, That it is thwOplruon of this Committee,

Vo l.4?. That

Googh

768

i4° M

A. 1787.

That a Duty of Excise, of Eight Shillings and One That a Drawback of Four Shillings and One half* Penny, be charged upon every One hundred Weight of penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of French Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad common Bottles (the same not being Phials) and of

Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the French King, and so in Proportion for any greater or lessen {Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Excise, of Nineteen Shillings and Ten Foreign Parts.

Vessels made Use of in Chymical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils, made of common Bottle Metal, which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed thereon shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Bill; Allow* der, a Bill for making Allowances to the Dealers in »nre« to d««. Foreign W ines for the Stock of certain Foreign Wine in their Possession, at a certain Time upon which the Duties presented""’ on Importation have been paid, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pence, be charged upon every One hundred Weight of other French Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the French King, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Excise, of Four Shillings and One Half-penny, be charged upon every One hundred Weight of French Bottles (not being Phials) which shall contain more or less than a Quart, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the French King (reckoning Sixty-four Quarts to every Hundred Weight) and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill for the thereof. Order, a Bill for making further Provisions in regard Prevention

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, ofSmuggling That a Duty of Excise, of One Pound Eight Shillings, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Plate present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of *"

Glass, and all other Glass Manufactures, not otherwise Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the particularly enumerated or described, which shall be said Act to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Im- in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an act-porter thereof before the landing thereof. ditional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, im-That a Drawback of One Shilling and Five Pence ported into this Kingdom; and, for amending several

~ Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Half-penny be allowed upon every Square Foot, su perficial Measure, of Plate Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed thereon shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Nine Shillings be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations, for which

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Expiring Order, a Bill to continue several Laws, relating to the Laws Bill i[fo|

free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Pre*eule<* *'

Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America', to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron

raitti iJ to pj siFtti -iicAi usurer Ids,

the Duties imposed thereon shall have been paid, and and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to preexported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts. vent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, em-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ployed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond

That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed thereon shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of all other Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed thereon shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of Brrand Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yams, made of Flax imported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Consolidated Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Lund Bill Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for PreseaUi-applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lords Comtnis- pitfemn sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to purchase, of the Proprietors of Coal Mines and Coal Works on the 1 Estate of Pitferran, in the County of Fife, the Right

of

M

r*JQQ

"Uiitl

2.] Geo. III. 14* Man. 7 76p

of Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Coals The House was moved, That the Order made upon Report of ' exported, was read the Third Time. Thursday last, for taking into further Consideration, Artioles of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the To-monow Morning, ffie Report, which was then made ^jj*achJiD t Title be, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners from the Committee to whom it was referred to pre- m*"Hastings of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase, of the Pro- pare Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, deferred, prietors of Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be of Pitferran, in the County of ti/e, the Right of read.

Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Coals ex- And the said Order hieing read accordingly ,* ported. Ordered, That the said Order he discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the > Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Indemnity An mgrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have ^HpuMd. oinitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnity Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stam))ed, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnity such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnity Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ord«r for The House was moved, That the Order made upon coinraitting Wednesday last, for committing the Bill to prevent vent Frauds Trauds in the Loading and Delivery of Coals sold by in the Ad- Ship or Pool Measure, within the Cities of London and measurement Westminster, or on either Side of the River Thames,

chafed’ ** ^rom Putney Bridge to the utmost Extent of the Pa- Jr®* rishes of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebon Heath, and Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the Counties of -ser, Surrey, and Kent; and to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure between the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherkithe, in the County of Surrey, and the -utmost Extent of the Parish of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Rill for pro- A Bill more effectually to protect the Fisheries on tec ting IisJi- the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called England, Coasts of ant* ^ie Principality of Wales, and for the punishing of England, &c. Offences against the Persons and Property of Owners committed, of Vessels, and others concerned therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Vo 1.42.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve' itself into a Committee of the whole Housej on Charge to consider further of the several Articles of Charge ^stings. of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Wa/ren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr: St. John reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. St.John accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; w'hich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

Resolved, That this Committee, having considered the Sixteenth Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, and examined Evidence thereupon, is of Opinion, that there is Ground for impeaching the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, upon the Matter of the said Article.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution, as agreed to by the House, together with the Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, to which the said Resolution relates; and also, the Minutes of the Evidence, received by the Committee of the whole House, relative to the said Article, be referred to the Committee who are appointed to prepare Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire: And that the said Committee do prepare therefrom an Article or Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings,

Esquire.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Iand T ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole commis-House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the sionere Rill Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by deferred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to IJis Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

9 K

770

O'

14 — 15

Matt.

A. 1787.

Lottery Bill deterred.

Bill for Sale of Houses, &c. belonging to His Majesty, deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lastingham

Inclosure

Mortis, 15* die Maii;

Anno 27* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1787.

Praters.

MR. Duncombe^ reported from the Committee, to wl

the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, und for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trowell rn-to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and clo, ure exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the mt° " Lordship of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and for uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and have passed Exchange inserted in the Settlement made on the Mar- Salusbor/* riage of Robert Salusbury, Esquire, with Katherine his Wife; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the bill reported. Common Fields within the '1 ownship of Lastingham, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit- Melbourne

tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure Bill

several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pas- reP0,'te<i-

tures. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

, , c. c u li 1 Liberties of Melbourne and Kind's Newton, in the

that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of r> . T j . c »# 0 .1 A . c

___a ,*». , cT 1 . jV Parish and Lordship Melbourne, in the County of

April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been 77 / j a-. . .1 3

‘ r.An... Derby, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

complied with; ami that tl« Comm, ttee taid oxa- ,„d found tha; the Standing Ordors of the

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same House, of the 2Jth of April ,774, relative to Bill.

,h mi r A TT W r' Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the

r n„ m f mV V of '? Committee bed examined the Allegaiions of the Bill;

Committee; and that the Committee hud gone through and folllld u*. true. '„d thal ParlieJ

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Acres of Land, who are against the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 12 Acres of Land, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consist of 2,770 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be through die

incrrnsspn o o

0 ’ Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

j nii r 11 ,. ... ,. they had directed him to report to the House; and he

Stevumand An mgrossed Bill for allotting, dmding and in- reaJ the Report in his Pla£. and afterWards deli-

SSai r°S,ng^ thewVT v/°°rS’ Commons, W"te vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Grounds, within ffie Manor or Manors, and Township clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

iley Jr ;are Bi iied.

parsed.

or Townships, of Stecton and Eastburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the County of York, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Mauors, and Township or Townships, of Stecton and Eastburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the County of York.

were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, Surgeons of to whom the Bill for confirming a Charter or Letters Edinburgh Patent, granted by His Majesty to the Royal College Charter Bill

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of reporu<1’

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords have agreed to

Ecclesiastical Courts Bill.

so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations, and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees

Hatfield

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effcc-Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ec- tually to carry the said Scheme into Execution, was clesiastical Courts; without any Ameadment: And committed; That the Committee had examined the also, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act true; and that the Committee had gone through the

Chace Drain- for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

age BUI. Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts they had directed him to report to the House; and

adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Not- he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-

tingham; without any Amendment: And also, vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

to render effectual the Purchase of a House, situate in throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

Middlesex, to be used as an additional Workhouse for agreed to by the House.

22 Ordered)

-^srtB

ft*

St. George,

Hanover

Square,

Workhouse

Bill.

27 Geo. III. 150 Mali.

JUS

4fT|

n*

-tis

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for ex- An ingrossed Bill for altering and extending the tending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorized to be made and CUdt NhvI- ma*nta'nec* by so much of several Acts, made in the jiiuonpassed. Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorized to be made and maintained by so much of several Acts, made in the Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Conron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of , and

also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stwley In- Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit-ciosure Bill tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the icpurled. several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Little Eaton Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit-loclosure Bill tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the reported. Common Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little Chester, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Nine Vo 1. 42.

Acres of Land, who could not be met with; and also except the Owners of Four Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Acres to be inclosed is 430; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Commit- Walsall tee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Road Bill Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the rePorted-Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Comer to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Two first Districts of Road therein comprized, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House1; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Milwich to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure re-mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor, or reputed coramiued Manor, and Parish of Milwich, in the County of Staff 1 repor ’ ford, wWs re-committed; and to whom the Petition of James Bromley the Elder, Francis Lycett, . Buck-stone, Richard Griffith, Charles Lees, Anthony Thacker,

Thomas Thacker, John Nicklin, Cordwainer, fohn Rush-ton, John Nicklin, Farmer, John For, Isaac Griffith,

John Lowndes, Philip Featherstone, William Rawlins,

Gabriel Featherstone, George Holland, Philip Osborne, and Thomas Sims, Cottagers of Milwich, in the County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report tQ the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Commit- w«mUmI tee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Church of Church Bill the Parish of Saint Mary, Wanstede, alias Wanstcad, in rePorted* the County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments,

772

15" Mm. 1787.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition for A Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships regulating an(j Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the ltiver Shipa'with Tyne, at Scarborough, in the County of York, and Coals in the Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and KiverTyne, read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade," and an Act was also passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports " of Newcastle and Suand that the Provisions made by the said Two Acts have been found inadequate to remedy the Inconveniences and Evils existing in the Coal Trade, and in the Loading of . Ships with Coals in the River Tyne, by Turn and in Rotation, as therein mentioned, and the Petitioners conceive, unless some speedy Regulations are adopted in the Method of ascertaining the Turn or Rotation . in which Ships are to be laden with Coals, and for removing many Impositions and Frauds existing in the said Trade, the Shipping in that Trade must greatly decrease, and consequently that grand Nursery for Seamen be impaired: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, ami grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal

" Trade;" and also, for amending and rendering

more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with

" Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and be

read a Second Time.

Grantham Mr. Oust reported from the Committee, to whom Guildhall Bill the Bill for taking down the Guildhall in the Borough reported. of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and re-building the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to.re-

5tort to the House; and he read the Report in his Mace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Debate Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming respecting the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made Yester-the Duchy of day, for reading a Second Time an ingrossed Clause, BUtnaumed ^en offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the ‘ Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the " Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain " Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within " their Survey, andi to encourage the Growth of " Umber on Lands held of the said Duchy," and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge

Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Duchy of be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Lancaster Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, bill paased. " An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of " the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to " enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements " within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth " of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy," and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton reported from the Com- Chester rnittee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening ttoads Bill the Roads from the City of Chester to the rePortod*

Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester, and from the said City to the Custom House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Nest on,

in the said County, and from Great aforesaid to

the said Woodside Ferry, and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid, to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Spirituous a Bill for laying additional Duties upon Licences to Liquors Li* be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors: And the same was received; and pr* read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the better repairing, paving, Sandwich cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Paving Bill Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Town of Sandioich, P**1' in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town and County; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances in the said Highways,

Streets, and Lanes, and on the Common Quay belonging "to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven; and to regulate the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, ’and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town, Port, and County; and for removing and preventing Incroachments,

Nuisances,

in

d

slice id lor

n

emons 2 Cora-of Jesses.

saittK

-for

SAifi-

rUc.

-lour!

ommittee i Bill for mating bjec lions the Com-tency of itaesses.

immittee Bill for king Affi-.vits, &c. the Court Session Chester.

itoxeter >ad Bill ssfd.

27 Geo. III.

15° Main

Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the Common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven; and for regulating the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge.

773'

relates to the Two Districts of Road therein described, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass-: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from High in the County of Stafford, to and from

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the- Bill to the to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall's Lane to Yavall

Committee on Papists Deeds and Wills Inroll-cient Bill.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon die Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Bridge, in the said County, so far as the same relates, to the Two Districts of Road therein described.

Ordered \That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bi*l for upon the Bill more effectually to protect the Fisheries Fisbwies^>n on the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called Eng- the Coasts of land, and the Principality of Wales, and for the punish- England, See.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburghtook the ing of Offences against the Persons and Property of

Owners of Vessels, and others concerned therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Michael Le Fleming took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Michael Le Fleming reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they ha3 directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Augustus Jlilliam Shuckburgh reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses, in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Alorning.

and

upon

Com- petition

lyne, against the

A Petition of the Afayor, Aldermen, mon Council, of the Town of Newcastle in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, Bill for regain Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners at Newcastle, observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been presented &c. for regulating the Entry of Ships to be laden with Coals in the River Tyne, and they have much Reason to apprehend that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very detrimental to the Port of Newcastle, and to the Coal Trade thereof, and injurious to the Rights which the Petitioners are possessed of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House by Prescription, and under various Charters: And to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, therefore praying, That they may be heard, at the -

upon the Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be 13ar of the House, by their Counsel, against the said made Use of in the Court of Session of the County Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and Palatine of Chester, and for taking of Special Bail in that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Actions and Suits depending in the same Court, be premises as to the House shall seem meet.

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Houaj will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

Iteign

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the CoalTrade;'’ and also for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with " Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, said Petition.

against the

the

of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of of His present Majesty King George the Third, lor repairing and widening the ltoad from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tcicnall's Lane to Yoxall Bridge,

VouA'X

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Debate re-the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon specting Tuesday last, That the Bill for continuing the Term of Aberbrothock Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign Scots BUb" in the said County, so far as the same of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the resumed. ’

9 L Third

Bill committed.

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills reported.

Instruction for altering the Mode of charging the l)uties on Glass.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills reported.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Exchequer Bills reported.

774’

150 Menu

A; 1787.

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, be committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Sir David Carnegie, Mr. Anstruther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties and Drawbacks on Glass, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Glass Duties der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Bill PJ*-on Glass, imported into Great Britain, and for altering sense the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass, made in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Houses, &c. belonging to

His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committ.. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ou BUI for upon the Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Ground Sa,e of belonging to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Lottery upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

jaitte

jaistt

toil

anaici Tte Pt 111 rep

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; ami lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0,1 A®eric*B upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to CoanaMiun-enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons ersBilL who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the American Loyalists, Sufferers by having furnished Provisions and other Articles for Public Use during the late War, and by having their Property taken and destroyed by the British Army and Navy, for which no Payment hath been made, which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-9 mants

C*niti

*Skip»

Bill

27 Geo. III. its Maiu

merits thereunto; which they had directed him, to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Land Tax to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the

" Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, be now’ read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Jamaica, Ac. Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from Free Ports the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill i reporte . for aj|owj„g (he Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego and Santa Lucca, in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, was committed.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House -Sbjpping resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Sot B?l!‘8a' upon the Bill to enforce and render more effectual several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the attested Copy of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, which was Yesterday presented to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Voe. 42.

mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for declaring that every Ship or Vessel which shall be qualified and registered in any of the Ports of the Kingdom of Ireland, under the Regulations and Restrictions contained in an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the further Increase and Encouragement of " Shipping and Navigation," shall continue to enjoy, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, all the Privileges and Advantages of a Rri/wA-built Ship, or Foreign-built Ship, owned by His Majesty’s Subjects, as the Case may be, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of this present Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Simpson's for vesting Part of the Estates late of Simpson, Estate Bill

Esquire, in the Counties of YorLincoln, and Not- com, B>tted< tingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adam,

Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Committee into certain Abuses in the Post Office. appointed to

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Grey, Mr. ®n^u,re U1|? Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Adam, Mr. Windham, Mr. pos^office.*6 Lambton, Mr. St. John, Mr. , Mr. Jolliffe,

Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Wilbrahanf, the Lord Maitland: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for making further Provisions in regard to Bill for the such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, Prevention of made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His

r !* i commit-

present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention ted. of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for. extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill; Allow-

A Bill for making Allowances to the Dealers in in

Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign poreign Wine in their. Possession, at a certain Time, upon wines com

which mitted.

Expiring Laws Bill committed#

Public Offices Commissioners Bill committed.

Consolidated Fuud Bill committed.

Thread Manufacture Bill deferred.

776 150 — I 6° ^.1787.

which the Duties on Importation have been paid, and for amending several I,aws relative to the Revenue of Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax imported, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Thread.

And then the House adjourned till To-moitow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16* die Mali;

Anno 27* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1787.

PRAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the i^stingharti Common Fields within the Township of Lasting- lnrloswreBil! ham, in the North Riding of the County of was Pas5ed-

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields within the Township of in the

North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, uttnxeterln-to whom the Bill for inclosing and leasing, or letting, closure Bill certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, Tying within reported, the Township or Constablewick of in the County of Stafford, called The High JYood, and The Heath, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Township or Constablewick, and within the Constablewick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates whose Property is valued at £. 593. 13 s. per Annum, w ho refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates of £. 216. Ss. per Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Amount of Estates having Right of Common are of the Annual Value of £. 7,470. is. id.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that tire Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upoa the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Hanley Cha-to whom the Bill for taking down, and re-building, pel Bill re-the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of Stafford, for ported, vesting the Right of Nomination in Trustees, and for enlarging the Chapel Yard, and other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, -and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by-the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An

'x

si

filC

Hti

Edinbu

Chart*

fused

w

&Bi

taa

27 Geo. III.

i6° Matt.

ill

Walsall An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers lion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Ro.td Bill of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His House.

P*1, present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be from Muckley Comer to Walsall and IV ednesbury, and ingrossed.

to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads,

in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Hursley and the Two first Districts of Road therein comprized, was and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Sixth p^u3[|j read the Third Time. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 'for re- paisedi 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the pairing and amending the Road from the present

Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hursley, in the of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of County of , through the Borough of

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County

Road from Muckley Comer to Walsall and Wednesbury, of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Newtown River; and for amending and keeping in Roads, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same Repair the Road from the South End of Bartholomew relates to the Two first Districts of Road therein com- Street, in the said Town of Newbury, to the Turnpike

Road at Speenhamland, in the said County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and Milwich An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Sixth Year

loclosure Bill Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor, or of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

prized.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

puled.

Wednesbury and Bilston Roads Bill reported.

reputed Manor, and Parish of Milwich, in the County and amending the Road from the present Turnpike of Stafford, was read the Third Time. Road in the Parish of Hursley, in the County of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from and Waste Grounds within the Manor, or reputed Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River; and for Manor, and Parish of Milwich, in the County of amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Stafford. South End of Bartholomew Street, in the said Town of

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do cany the Bill Newbury, to the Turnpike Road at Speenhamland, in

Surgeons of Edinburgh Charter Bill passed. *

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent, granted by His Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations, and for establishing the said. Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent, granted by His Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for a Provision for thC Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations, and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to cariy the said Scheme into Execution.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jerooise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

the said County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Jercoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Church of the Waustead Parish of Saint Mary, Wanstede, alias Wanstead, in the chu*^11 BlU

County of Essex, was read the Third Time. paM

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary, Wanstede, alias Wanstead, in the County -of Essex.

Ordered, That Sir James Tylney Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Medows reported from the Committee, to Cropwell whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wasterepor Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropwell Butler, and a certain Field and Meadow, called The Fern Field and Great Meadowi lying intermixed in the said Lordship, and the Lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative, to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the ~ through the Bill, and made

Committee had gone several Amendments

Road leading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the thereunto, which they had directed him to report to further End of Darlaston Lane, next The Portway. and the House: and he read the ReDort in his Place:

further End of Darlaston Lane, next The Portway, and from thence through Bliston to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; anti he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Garforth reported from the Committee, to Milford

________________________________ B____, ____________ whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging Road Bill

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth ref>orle Vol. 42. 9 M . Year

1l*

16° Mail

A. 1787.

Year o'fth'e Heigh'of Mis preserit Majesty, for amehding and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Hasletnere, to the Portsmouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Susses, and Southampton, so far as the same relates to the repairing and amending the Road leading from the Village of Milford aforesaid, through Haslemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone, near Farnhurst law* in the said County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the iDdmmittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments theretinto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in it the Clerk’s TableWhere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Fill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Devon Gaol , Mr. 'Baring reported from the Committee, t6 whom Bill reported, the Bill for discharging Denys Rolle, Esquire, and his Heirs, from the Office of Keeper of the Gaol for die County of Devon, for improving and enlarging the said Gaol, or building a new one, and also for puling down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, turd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-; xected him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the RBI,- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

‘Lorfls The House proceeded to take into Consideration

to^rowelT4 Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in-inclosure Bill tituled. An Act to confirm an Agreement for dividing, agreed to inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of Trcrwell, in the County of Nottingham, and for uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trcrwell aforesaid.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 26. After " them" insert " and also " of the said Tristram Ex ley, " and his Successors, Rectors " of the said Mediety of the said " Rectory."

Pr. 22. 1. 1. After " them" insert " and also " of the said Isaac Pickthall, "and his Successors, Rectors " of the first Mediety of the " said Rectory."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Medcrws do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Papist* Sir George Augustus William Shudfburgh, according to

Detds and Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, men* Bill° whom the Bill for allbwing further Tape for Inroll-

ttporled.

ment of Heeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read througliout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, u|X>d the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for laying additional Duties upon Licences Spirituous to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Glass Duties on Glass, imported into Great Britain, and for altering Bill commie-the Mode of charging the Duties ou Glass, made in ted-Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Lottery BUI Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported, granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments Which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

%5al

-XX- b

;3|toH ;(Sf re .4

*Ta*

aussii Till re-rd.

Bill for obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses reported.

Mr. Solicitor General, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses, in certain Cases, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to' the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Solicitor General,'according to Order, reported Bill for tak-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingAffidsvits, Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made court of*' Use of in the Court of Session of the County Palatine Session of of Chester, and for taking of Special Bail in Actions Chester and ’ Suits depending in the same Court, was com- reported, mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then 7 a Second

cinitti

-«Eide

iiJQ oj]

folic YesC

4

27 Geo. III.

id0 M

m

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for Sale of Houses bf-

Majesty reported*

Mr, Speaker left the Chqir.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for bnging toHis §a]e of certain Houses and Ground belonging to His Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Expiring upon the Bill to continue several Laws, relating to

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

bud Tax

Commas inn-ere Bill reported.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the u Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-six," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America_; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax imported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

ingrossed.

ommittee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve consider of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties on Paper.

uties on

H>cr<

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on Bill for House, upon the Bill for making further Provisions the Preven-in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the *

Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for

.The House accordingly resolved itself into the said laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported;

Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

nmittee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Public resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ces Com- the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire sioner# jnt0 the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 42,

for taking off the Duty on jSbony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and, for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for permitting the Duties upon Coals brought Coastwise, to be secured by Bond.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill; Allow-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House "ce*to. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, F#". " "

upon Wines deferred.

780

16* — 17° Mail. 1787.

upon the Bill for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign Wine in their Possession, at a certain Time upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for pro- Sir Michael Le Fleming, according to Order, re* erie^on^he1* Porte^ from the Committee of the whole House, to Coasts of whom the Bill more effectually to protect the Fishe-England, tcc. ries on the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called reported. England, and the Principality of Wales, and for the punishing of Offences against the Persons and Property of Owners of Vessels, and others concerned therein, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House onCoutolifar to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t«d Fnad Bill. Upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes, vested in the Crown, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do make the shipping and Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Navigation whom the Bill to enforce, and render more effectual, Uil* several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts, made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was committed.

The Marquis of Graham accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he redd the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee Committee

appointed to enquire into certain Abuses in the Post on Abuse* ia

Office. Pott

Office.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation and Jamaica, &c. Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Free Pom in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la , Montego P*

Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of; in

the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in

the Port of Roseau, in the Island of; and

in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence,: A ]

One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations j

and Restrictions, was read the Third Time. .^porte

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port Roseau, in the Island of Domhtica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New,

One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of American the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Loyalim Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of r,w

their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the

British Government, was committed, be received To- !

morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Motion for The House was moved, That the Petition of the nferring the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City prevent fore- London, in Common Council assembled, which was (tailing Cat- presented to the House upon the 4th Day of this tie, &c. to a Instant May, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, Committee might be again read.

Ne8‘ And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Allegations thereof, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Jovis, 17* die Maii;

Anno 27* Georgii IIIttt Regis, 1787.

Praters.

SIR James Johnstone reported from the Committee, Dumfries to whom the Bill for continuing and amending Two Pennies several Acts, made in the Third Year of the Reign Scots Billre-of King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign re-'comarit-of King George the Second, and the Second Year of le<j,

the

y.)

Aberbro-thock Two Pennies Scots Bill reported.

Grantham Guildhall Bill passed.

27 Geo. III.

if Matt.

j8t

the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be

An ingrossed

vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets Open Fields,' Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and other public Places within the said Town, and wi- in the Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little dening the Streets where necessary, and removing and Chester, in the County of Derby. preventing Nuisances therein, was committed; That the Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the

Bill for dividing and inclosing the Little Eaton Common Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Inclosure Waste Grounds, in the Liberty of Little Eaton, within B"1*, Msed' the Manor of Little Chester, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and iqelosing the se- Sawley In-veral Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas- closure Bill tures, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to Passed* the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Committee to whom the same was committed. Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Melbourne Inclosure Bill passed.

Sir David Carnegie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of Two Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to Leith Hur-Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign, of whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the Har- bour Bill re-his late Majesty King George the Second, and the hour of Leith, for erecting Docks and other Buildings, p®rte<k Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for for widening and making Roads to the said Harbour, laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same,

Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought and for increasing the Number of the City Guard, into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of was committed; and to whom the Petition of John

Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, was committed; Simeof North Leith, Shipbuilder; and also, the Pe-That the Committee had examined the Allegations tition of Alexander Robertson, Esquire, One of the of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Principal Clerks of Session, Grizel Murdoch, Daughter the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made of Thomas Murdoch, of Esquire, and James

several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- Weddell, AJerclrant, in Edinburgh; and also, the Pe- ' rected him to report to the House; and he read the tition of John One of the Clerks to His Majesty’s Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Signet in Edinburgh, David Paterson, Merchant in Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Edinburgh, and John Spence, Painter in Where the Amendments were Once read through- and also, the Petition of William Robertson, of Lady-out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, kirk, James , Merchant ia Leith, Allan Mao* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed dougaland John Campbell, Writers to the Signet; to by the House. and also, the Petition of Patrick James Gor-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Walter Gibson, John Hadaway, William Brown, ingrossed. Charles Peacock, Andrew Paton, and David Stead; and

also, the Petition of Richard Tod and Thomas Stoddart;

An ingrossed Bill for taking down the Guildhall and also, the Petition of John Scougall, Assistant Mas-in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lin- ter, and Andrew Cassels, Depute Master, of the In-cotn, and re-building the same, was read the Third corporation of Ship Masters in Leith: and also, the

Time. Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, all Pro-

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title prietors or Occupiers of Houss, Yards, or Slips so be, An Act for taking down the Guildhall or Town Ship-building, Areas, Grounds, and other Premisses,

Hall in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of situated in the Town of Lath; and also, the Petition

Lincoln, and re-building the same. of John Reid, Gardener, at Reidhall, near Leith, were

Ordered, That Mr. Cast do carry the Bill to the severally referred; That the Committee had heard Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the Second,

Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth men-An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the se- tinned Petitions, and had considered the First and veral Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Eighth mentioned Petitions; and had also heard Coun-Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties sel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Com-of Melbourne and King's Newton, in the Parish and mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Lordship of Melbourne, in the County of Derby, was found the same to be true; and that the Committee read the Third Time. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Resoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the severa port to the House; and he read the Report in his

Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Amendments, in at--the Clerk’s Table: Where the Melbourne and King's Newton, in the Parish and Lord- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then ship of Melbourne, in the County of Derby. a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

Vol. 48.

9 N

severally

Devon Gaol Bill passed.

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills passed.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills passed.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Exchequer Bills passed.

Bill for Sale of Houses, tcc. belonging to His Majesty passed.

Wednesbury and Hilston Hoads Bill passed.

78a 170 M 1787.

severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging* Denys Rolle, Esquire, and his Heirs, from the Office of Keeper of the Gaol for the County of Devon, for improving and enlarging the said Gaol, or building a New one; and also for pulling down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon, called The High , a Public and Common Gaol, and for discharging Denys Rolle, and John Rolle, Esquires, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, from the Office of Keeper of the said Gaol, and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a New one; and also for taking down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-Seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-Seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed1 Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to His Majesty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullcn in IVed-nesbury, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, next Jhe Portway, and from thence, through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullcn in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, next The Portway, and from thence, through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties on Paper, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him^ to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Sort or Kind of Paper, not particularly enumerated in the Schedule marked (F.) annexed to an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of " Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in " lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public " Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or " Manufacture of the European Dominions of the " French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying " certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the " Reduction of the National Debt;" and not being above the largest Size of the Paper nearest of the same Kind, enumerated in the said Schedule, there shall be paid the several and respective Duties which are, by the said Act, charged upon, and payable for, the Sorts and Kinds of Paper which are nearest above in Size and Goodness to such Sort not particularly enumerated, and for any Sorts or Kinds not particularly enumerated, and being above the largest Size of the Paper nearest of the same Kind and Weight, enumerated in the said Schedule, a Duty in Proportion to such Size, estimated according to the Duty on the Paper nearest of the same Kind and Weight, and of the Size nearest below such Sort, not enumerated.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign Wine in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause for ascertaining the Duties on non-enumerated Paper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for altering the Survey of Candlemakers entered Premisses during the Night Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to discontinue for a limited Time the several Duties " payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, " and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there " used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting " to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, 'ftiat they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, directing that no Wash Still under Fifty Gallons shall. be licensed, nor, unless a Spirit Still of One x Fourth

Report Duties on Paper, and Instruction accordingly.

Instruction relative to Candle -makers.

Instruction relative to Wash Stills.

37 Geo. III.

J7

Mail.

.783

Committee on Bill for Allowances to Dealers in

foreign

Nines.

Fourth of the Contents of the Wash Still be licensed therewith.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign Wine in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Morning. certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported,

and taking off the Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House made of Flax imported, was committed, the Amend-" s^"t"?U8 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and Mcttflilk upon Bill for laying additional Duties upon Licences which they had directed him to report to the House;

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Expiring Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Laws continue several Laws, relating to the free Importa- reporte tion of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat; and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas;

rommiUce

to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

nmitlee

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Public Office» Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the r«poTtx«J.

Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better on Glass, imported into Great Britain, and for altering conducting and managing the Business transacted in the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass, made in the said Offices, was committed, the Amendments

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Glass Du- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, U,ll‘ upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties

Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Mr. Bose reported from the Committee, That they and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- agreed to by the House.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

be

Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for obviating Objections to the Bill for obvi-Competency of Witnesses, in certain Cases, was read atin£ 0bJec*

.1 _ rpi 1 rr* tions to the

the Third lime.: Competency

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the of U’unessei,

Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Sum to which passed.

;,r the Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the ntion Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for "KSl,nS* making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels

eported. arc partjculaj-iy described in an Act, made in the the Penalty shall amount.

Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present And the said Clause was Twipe read with a Blank, Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smug- which being filled up, the said Clause was read the gling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, Act to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly agreed to bjf the House, to be made Part of the Bill, for taking off the Duties on Flasks

described therein; in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House-; and he read the Vo l. 48.

by Way of Ryder,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses, in certain Cases.

Ordered, That Mr. IFilberforcedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Consolidated Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

granting

1

784

17* Mali.

A. 1787.

granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the fiill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Thread Ma- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House nu&cture Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Thread, be now. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into the said Committee.

American Loyalists Commissionera Bill deferred.

Second Report of Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Hastings Considered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon Thursday last, was made from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Seventh Article of Impeachment being read a Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " during which Years " he was at the Head of the Government, either as " Governor of Fort William, or as Governor General," and inserting the Words " as President and Governor " General as aforesaid" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be one Other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Article be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, saving Liberty to the Commons, to exhibit any further Articles against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire; and that he may be put to answer the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, do prepare the said Clause.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ernes and Mr. have agreed Montagu:

10 Mr. Speaker,

Sarsden, Ac. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common

Saving Clause to be prepared.

Bill.

Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Morris-

court, and Finescourt, in the Parish of under

Whiehwood, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Beverley Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, ft°ad Bypassed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Molscroft to Kendal House, and from Mols-cr oft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An MargatePier Act for re-building the Pier of Margate, in the Isle of ®nd PavioB Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, esta- 1 ' blishing, and recovering, certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and public Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen, within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dorringto* Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com- ^closure mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, and Waste Bill‘

Lands, within tive Parish of Doiring in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: Anil also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shrewsbury Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg- Roads Bill, ing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhto and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop; and for re-

pairing several other Roads in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Barrow In-Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common closure Bill, and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Borrow' upon Trent, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Callico*

Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing Printers Bill, and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers,

Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time; without anyAmendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Asbbotn* Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Road BilL made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tut bury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kirkbymal-Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkbymal-zeard, in the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid Account of before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, f"srC011* by the Sheriffs of the different Counties in England Debt, or-and Wales, an Account of the Number of Persons dered. confined for Debt in the several Gaols in England and Wales on the 1st Day of December 1787; distinguishing the Dates of their several Commitments, the different Courts from which the Writs, on which they are

or

’"f

,\U-

urf-

-the

-el

./n.

,\ic.

'm\t

'-«! se

; ‘‘-''Hv

V- Hi 'fad.

27 Geo. III.

if — 18° Mail

7*5

or shall be committed, have issued, the different Species of such Writs, and the Sum or Sums for which each Person is confined, distinguishing, as tar as possible, between Debt and Costs.

Motion re- The House was moved. That the Petition of Robert Chips'."faitha Alexander and John Miller, Gilbert and Lewis Deblois

ami SirU'il- and Company, and Janies Wilson and Sons, as well for on every Pint of_Ale or Peer that shall km Krskiue themselves, as on the Part and Behalf of the Owners and reported.

N'eg-

Freighters of Goods on Board the Ships Martha and Sir William Erskine, which was presented to the House

upon the 16th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

.And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

It passed in the Negative.

Privileges and

Motion re-swrtin£ the Chillis of Messrs. Swanson, Milier, iStc.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions

for enquiring into the Claims of Peter Swanson, John

Miller, William Struthers, and James Mac Gillivray, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed late of West Florida, as stated in their Petition to the to by the House,

Sir James Johnstone reported from the Committee, to pumfrj„ whom the Bill for continuing and amending several Two Penniri Acts, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Scots recom-George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of King ,n:Ued Bl,b George the Second, and the Second Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling,

be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and thereof, for paying the Debts of the said for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Tow n, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Places within the said Town, and widening the Streets where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein, was re committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'lime, One by One; and,

Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasur}’, in the Year 1782, and to assure His Majesty, that if the said Claims shall be found just, this House will make Provision out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament, for whatever Sums of Money shall be paid in Satisfaction thereof;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

And then Mornin

b>

the House adjourned Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inroll- Papists' ment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Pt‘cds and, Relief of Purchasers, was read the Third Time. men t Bill°

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title passed, be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of , till Tomorrow Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Veneris, 18’ die Maii;

Anno 27* Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

Pit aye it s.

.‘weastle OIR Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com ayhonse O mittee, to whom the Bill to enable is Majesty It reported. to license a Playhouse in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

(smooth Captain Cornwallis reported from the Committee, aptl Bill to whom the Bill for building a new Chapel upon orted. Portsmouth Common, in the Parish of Portsca, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fouod the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once road throughout; and then a Second Time, One' by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Vol. 42:

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Chester Roads from the City of Chester to the Ferry, Boad*

in the Tow nship of Birkenhead, in the County of Ches- passe ter’, and from the said City to the Custom House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Neston, in the said County; and from Great Neston aforesaid to the said Woodside Ferry, and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester; and from the said City to the Assembly House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Neston, in the said County; and from Great Neston aforesaid to the said Woodside Ferry; and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry.

Ordered. \That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Medows reported from the Committee, to Ratcliffe In-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Commons, and Waste repor ’ Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, i'd the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of Jpril 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-9 O mittee;

r

7 8 6 18" Mali. 1787.

mittee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Aberbro- An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of Two tbock Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his Pennies Scots jate Majesty King George the Second, and the Third 1 passe . Year of the Reign of His jrresent Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of and

Liberties thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made hi the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for pro- An ingrossed Bill more effectually to protect the tecting the Fisheries on the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain Ae^Coasts'of ca^ec* England, and the Principality of 1 Vales, and for

England, &c. the punishing of Offences against the Persons and Pro-passed. ’ perty of Owners of Vessels, and others concerned therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act more effectually to protect the Fisheries on the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Princijjality of Wales, and for the punishing of Offences against the Persons and Property of Owners of Vessels, and others concerned therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bowles's Sir Charles Warwick reported from the

Estate Bill Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the pXsed! Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Bei'ks, Part of the Estate of Bowles,

Esquire, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Oldfield Bowles with Mary his now Wife, and for settling the Manor of North Aston, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr; Alderman Nctcnham reported from the Com- B ikers r„m. mittee, to whom the Bill for ascertaining the Powers Panv Bill re-and Jurisdiction of the Master, Wardens, and Assist- l'0lUtd-ants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of tire Trade or Business of a Baker, and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish " Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or " Bread," as relates to the Charter and Bye Laws of the said Company, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Francis reported from the Committee, to whom Report of it is referred to prepare Articles of Impeachment SavingClauie against Warren Hastings, F’squire, late Governor Ge- exb, bit neral of Bengal; That the Committee bad, pursuant to Uetaa^inst the Order of the House, prepared a Clause, saving Li- Mr Havtiagi. berty to the Commons, to exhibit any further Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastigns, Esquire, and that he may be put to answer the same; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follaweth; viz.

And the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting at any Time hereafter any further Articles, or other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, and also of replying to his Answers which he shall make unto the said Articles, or any of them, and of offering Proof to the aforesaid Article, and to all and every other Articles, Impeachment, or Accusation, which shall be exhibited by them, as the Case shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require, do pray, That the said Warren Hastings Esquire, may be put to answer the said Crimes and Misdemeanors, and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Trials, and Judgments may be thereupon had and given as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

The said Clause being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed, with the Seventh Article of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act H0m«yer’j for naturalizing William Homeyer, was read a Second Nat. Bill Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baring,

Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are lo meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Poor Bill the Bill for more effectual Relief of the Poor, and as- report*^ certaining the Settlement of Bastard Children, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

~ Ordered,

71 Mo iVrS'

Lxsdei

ai

Sail De Liepor

tlforta

ASdwit k m tl (wt of tra of C

‘topasse

27 Geo. III.

18° Mali.

787

v. f

> fc-

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon tin’s Day Two Months.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bill for Moor- Mr. Alderman JVatson reported from the

ing of Vessels tee, to whom the Bill fc? enabling the Mayor and London1 Uominonalty, and C'iti2ens of the City of London, to reported. ° purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames,

between London Bridge and Hole, together with the Right of renewing and removing the same, and putting down others; and for regulating the Lying and

" and Penalties, and Forfeitures, as " Persons convicted of the like Offences are liable to by virtue of " an Act, passed in the Fourth " Year of King and Queen

" Mary, intituled,. " An Act for " taking Special Bails in the Country upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's " Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster?instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Mooring of Ships and Vessels within certain Paits of severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Port of London, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made Use of in the Court of Session of the County Palatine of Chester, and for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the same Court.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Lottery Bill Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was passed, ingrossed. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Lewes, &c. Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Small Debts to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Reco- of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

reported. ygfy of $ma|j Debts within the Rapes of Lezces and Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the

Pevensey, and the several Parishes of King-

ston by Sea, New Shoreham, Old Shoreham, Lancing, Beeding, Brumber, Steyning, Jshurst, Henfield, and Woodmancoate, in the Rape of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the the House this Day, adjourn till Monday next.

Rising of House

Morning adjourns te Monday.

Bill for taking Affidavits, Ac. in the Court of Session of Chts ter passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Spirituous the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Liquors Li-for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken cencts out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, reporle was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the An ingrossed Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits Amendments were Once read throughout; and then to be made Use of in the Court of Session of the a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Ques-County Palatine of Chester, and for taking of Special tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the same Court, House. ..

was read the Third Time. OrThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The Amendments following were severally proposed ingrossed. to be made to the Bill; viz

Pr. 1. 1. 18. To leave out " or Deputies."

Pr. 2. 1. 28. To leave out " or Deputies."

Pr. 3. I. 23. To leave out " Seven Shillings and " Six Pence," and insert " Four " Shillings" instead thereof 1. 31. To leave out " or Deputies."

1. 42. To leave out " or Deputies."

Pr. 5. 1. 14. To leave out " Fourteen," and insert " Ten" instead thereof.

1. 24. To leave out " or Prothonotary."

1.33. To leave out. " Ten," and insert " Seven " instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 15. To leave out from " be" to " determined," in 1. 16.

1. 37. To leave out " or Deputies."

Pr. 7. 1. 9. To leave out from " shall " to " before," in 1. 14.

1. 30. To leave out from " and " to the End of the Bill, and insert " shall " suffer and incur the same Pains

Vol. 42.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Bill for the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Allowances for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign £*r^ealer* " Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign Wine in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties reported, on Importation have been paid, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the- Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Mere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition

GocMe

V

788

Petitions in A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereto favour of the subscribed, being Owners and Part Owners of Ships lating°ttae8U* an<^ Vessels, residing in the Town and County of the Coal t rade Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Places adjacent: And at Newcastle, also,

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Part Owners of Ships and Vessels, employed in the Coal Trade, from the River Tyne, now in the Port and City of London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act w^s passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Regulation of the " Coal Trade;" and an Act was also passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports " of Newcastleand Sunderland;" and that the Provisions made by the said Two Acts have been found inadequate to remedy the Frauds and Abuses in the Coal Trade, in the River Thames, and the Inconveniences and Evils existing in the Coal Trade, and in the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the River Tyne, by Turn and in Rotation, as therein mentioned, and the Petitioners conceive, unless, some sjteedy Regulations are adopted in the Method of ascertaining the Turn or Rotation in which Ships are to be laden with Coals, and for removing many Impositions and Frauds existing in the said Trade, the Shipping in that Trade must greatly decrease, and consequently that grand Nursery for Seamen be much impaired: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter ' into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Petition from A Petition of the Right honourable John Baron n afart Cardiff", Proprietor of Collieries upon the River Tyne,

ST was a*so Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill has been presented for regulating the Entry of Ships to be laden with Coals in the River Tyne, and the Petitioner conceives that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be materially injurious to the Coal Trade, and to the Interest of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of " the Coal Trade," and also, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to regulate the Loading of " Ships with Coals in the Ports of " castle and ," be read a Second

Time.

White Ashes The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Bill present- House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against " the carrying of White Ashes out of the Realm And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

senAo Crop- Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is well inclo- concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the

mre Bill.

1787.

Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of,

and a certain Field and Meadow called, The Fern Field, and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship, and the Lordship of CropwcBishop, in the County of Nottingham; which Bill was, upon Wednesday last’, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed; '

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as for as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Cl as* Duties Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for hill reported, granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Glass, imported into Great Britain, and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass, made iri Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing Manufacturers of Glass to keep an Account of Waste, and transmit it to the Commissioners of Excise.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Loyalists appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the ^'j"|jssl<J0* Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suf- reported. fered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Commissioners to enquire into the Debts, and consider the Confiscation of Debts as Losses.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Smith do carry to the Mr. Rol*rt Lords the ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation Smith tncar-and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, p0ris Bill u» Montego Bay, and SantaLucea, in the Island of Ja- the Lords. maica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The

18° M

yirf*

,feu tw

0a

virrej p C< ’seat

wastle

"JBl Off

"ante*

Asore

L-pa&se

MtvC

Bill

M.

37 Geo. III. i8° — ai° Mali, 789

M»tiooT«- The House was moved, That the Petition of the Flori<ufpkn- P'anters> Merchants, Public Officers, and other late t«ri Petition! Proprietors of the Province of Florida, which was Neg. presented to the House upon the 16th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with th-eir Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Baring reported from the Committee, to whom Homeyer’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat- j*iH naturalizing William Homeyer, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and P found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Post office Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed Committee, to enquire into certain Abuses in the Post Office, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Bill for regu- Ordered, That the Bill for amending and rendering ting the Coal more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Newcastle Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, " An &c.pat off for " Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade;" 3 Month*, and also, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Murray reported from the Committee, to whom Archbishop

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of York's for vesting the Estates in the County of York, and also Estate the Heir Looms, devised and bequeathed by the Will and of the Honourable and Most Reverend Robert late Lord p Archbishop of York, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

I'ttoxetetf Inclosure Bill passed.

Unity Cha-el Bill assed.

Luna, 21* die Maii j

Anno 27* Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for inclosing and leasing, or letting certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Township or Constablewick of eter, in the County of Stafford, called The High Wood and The Heath, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or public Expences, within the said Township or Constablewick, and within the Constablewick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and leasing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, lying within the Town-shipor Constablewick of U,in the County of Stafford, called The High Wood and The Heath, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or public Expences within the said Township or Constablewick, and within the Constablewick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for taking down, and re-building, the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of Stafford, for vesting the Right of Nomination in Trustees, and for enlarging the Chapel Yard, and other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down, and re-building, the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of Stafford, for vesting the Right of Nomination in Trustees, and for enlarging the Chapel Yard, and other Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lorcb, and desire their Concurrence.

Yol. 42.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending se- Domfria veral Acts, made in the Third Year of the Reign of Tw0 Pennie* King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of YJing George the Second, and the Second Year of the "

Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of and Pri-

vileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Places within the said Town, and widening the Streets where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein, was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending several Acts, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the 'Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and bther public Places within the said Town, and widening the Streets where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

Ordered, That Sir James Johnstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

9 P An

kalusbury's Estate Bill committed.

Portsmouth Chapel Bill passed.

Bakers Company Bill passed.

Expiring Laws Bill passed.

90 Ma 1787.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale And Exchange inserted in the Settlement made oil the Marriage df Robert Salusbury, Esquire, with Katherine his Wife, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Morgan, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Chapel upon Ports* mouth Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Captain Cornwallis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Powers and Jurisdiction of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the " Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who " shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," as relates to the Charter and Bye-Laws of the said Company, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining the Powers and Jurisdiction of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the " Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who " shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," as relates to the Charter and Bye-Laws of the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax imported, was read the Third. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Linens exported,

and taking off the Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax imported.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do tarry the Bill to die Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange inserted in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Robert Salusbury, Esquire, with Katherine his Wife, is committed, have Leave to sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of April last, by Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Me. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify - the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts " in Scotland:"

An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts:

An Act to enable the East India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for " the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire " within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the " Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, " and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, " the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bon, Paddington, Saint " Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County <5 " of

Committee ob Salisbury's Estate Bill.

Accounts relating to Com to be printed.

Royal Assent to Bills.

1

1

1

a 7 Geo. III. if Mail. 'lot

" of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain

" Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against the " Penalties to which they are or may be liable for " erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law

An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time:

An Act for rebuilding the Pier of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering, certain Duties in lieu of the Ancient and Customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and Public Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of for settling

the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen, within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery, or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within the new Parish:

An Act to render effectual the Purchase1 of a House, situate in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Parish of George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of,

and for other Purposes:

An Act for better lighting and watching the Village of Cambeiwell, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto:

An Act for vatying and extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation:

An Act for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paisley' to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a Navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, and within the Parish of Blankney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney:

An Act for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Chace,

and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to The Marchburn:

An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cross,

in the County of Kent, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullens Hill, in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound aforesaid, through East Lane, and by Hope to the Turnpike Road at Clay Hill, in the Parish of hurst, in the County of Kent:

An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from Reading, in the County Voj-. 43.

of Berks, through Henley, in the County of and

Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Ricbmnsworth, Watford, and Saint Alban's, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford;and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, oyer Great Marlow Bridge, through By sham, to or pear the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading:

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from a Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingsxcinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, within the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindle aforesaid, to Tipton Green, in the said Counties:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading, from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for repairing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loatthead, in the County of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Falkirk to Kilsyth:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road " from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, " to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to,

and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop; and for repairing several other Roads in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, by Molscroft, to Kendal House, and from Molscroft, to Bainton Balk, in the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable George James Earl in

the County of Chester, in the said Earl in

Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Essex, Middlesex, and Cambridge, devised by the Will of Theophilus Dillingham, Esquire, deceased, in Dillingham Brampton Gurdon Dillingham, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of Norfolk, to the same Uses as the devised Estates now stand limited:

An Act for discharging certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenement’s, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Berks, Part of the Estate of Oldfield Bowles, Esquire, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Oldfield Bowles with Mary his now Wife, and for settling the Manor of North Aston, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of of

greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

79?

21

Mail

A. 1787.

An Act for vesting the Tythes and Estate at Orlori, in the County of Northampton, belonging to Jesus Hospital, in the same County, in John Peach Hungerford, Esquire, for his Life, with Remainders over, and for Settling a Rent Charge out of the said Estate, and other Hereditaments of the said John Peach Hunger-ford, at Orton aforesaid, in lieu thereof;

' An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Edward Foley with the Right honourable Lady Ann Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Bltteswell, in the County of Leicester:

An Act to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of in the County of Not-

tingham, and for Uniting the Two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of malzeord, in the County of York

An Act for dividing and inclosing die several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon Trent, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Dorrington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyncham, -riscourt, and Fmescourt, in the Parish of under

Whichwood, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hippius.

Leith Har- An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Lath; for erecting Docks, and other pasM Buildings; for widening and making Roads to the said Harbour; for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City, of and the Avenues

leading to the same; and for increasing the Number of the City Guard, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.1. 3. After " Street’* to insert " in the Town " of Leith."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resobed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Road from Saint Bernard's Street, in the Town of Leith, to the Foot of Leith Walk, in the County of Edinburgh, and for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same, and for amending Two several Acts, passed relative to the said City, in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ratcliffe In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the closure Bill Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste pasted. Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An Ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to license Newcastle a Playhouse in the Town and County Of the Towri Playhouse of Newcastle upon Tyne, wad read the Third Time. P"*se

Resolved, That the Bill do' pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town and County Of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and Milford Road enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in Bill p d. the Fourth Year of the Reigrt of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through,

to the Portsmouth Road, between and Rake, in

the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, so far as the same relates to the repairing and amending the Road leading from the Village of Milford aforesaid, through Haslemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone near Farnhurst Lane, in the said County of Sur* rey, was read the Third Time.

Resobed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the '

Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the PoYtsmouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Garforth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, tewes, &r. That the Bill for the more easy and speedy Re- Small Debt* covery of Small Debts within the Rapes of Lewes and P'11 P"l ofl Pcoensey, and the several Parishes of Southzcick, - or31 0 ston by Sea, Nero Shoreham, Old Shoreham, Lancing,

Beeding, Bramber, Steyning, Ashhurst, and

Woodmancoate, in the Rape of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, be now read the Third Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

III’!

jestu

frreg

ibeM

ofVes

tfctPf

budu

Tellers for the Yeas i’Mr* Pelham,

tellers for the Yeas, jThe Jj0rd Midleton:

Tellers for the Noes ISir John Miller> tellers for the JNoes, jMr

King

ingtl of W Debti

..... ,63.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed. That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the-Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning," and inserting the Words " upon this " Day Three Months " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te,.er, for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, $rM" MiUer’

21.

1

Robert Burton:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Three Months " be_ inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Three Months.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Crop well In-Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Bl Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Crop- p well Butler, and a certain Field and Meadow called

a7G.E0.ni. a i"

The Fern Field and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship, and the Lordship of

Bishop, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropwell Butler, and a certain Intercommon Field and Meadow, called The Fern Field and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship, and the lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Medows do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

King’s Com- A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for sent to Bill enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens the'Mwring Gity of London to purchase the Mooring Chains

of Vessels in ,n the River Thames, between London Bridge and the Port of Rugby's Hole, together with the Right of renewing

London. and removing the same, and putting down others, and for regulating the Lying and Mooting of Ships and Vessels within certain Parts of the Port of London, be now read the Third time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein at they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Kill passed. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, and for regulating the Lying and Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the Port of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

King’s Mes- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the age respect- House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to orwSes’s10* House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented Debts. the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as folio we th; viz.

GEORGE R.

It is with great Concern His Majesty acquaints the House of Commons, that, from the Accounts which have been laid before His Majesty by the Prince of Wales, it appears that the Prince has incurred a Debt to a large Amount, which, if left to be discharged out of his Annual Income, would render it impossible for him to support an Establishment suited to his Rank and Station.

Painful as it is at all Times to His Majesty to propose any Addition to the heavy Expences necessarily borne by His People, His Majesty is induced, from His paternal Affection to the Prince of Wales, to recur to the Liberality and Attachment of His faithful Commons for their Assistance on an Occasion so interesting to His Majesty’s Feelings, and to the Ease and Honour of so distinguished a Branch of His Royal Family.

His Majesty could not, however, expect or desire the Assistance of the House, but on a well-grounded Expectation that the Prince will avoid contracting any new Debts in future. With a View to this Object, and from an anxious Desire to remove every possible Doubt of the Sufficiency of the Prince’s Income to support amply the Dignity of his Situation, His Majesty has directed a Sum of Ten thousand Pounds per Annum to be paid out of His Civil List, in Addition to the Allowance which His Majesty has hitherto given him; and His Majesty has the Satisfaction to

Vol. 42.

Mali. 793

inform the Honse, that the Prince of Wales has given His Majesty the fullest Assurances of his firm Determination to confine his future Expences within his Income, and has also settled a Plan for arranging those Expences in the several Departments, and for fixing an Order of Payment under such Regulations as His Majesty trusts will effectually secure the due Execution of the Prince’s Intentions.

His Majesty will direct an Estimate to be laid before the House of the Sum wanting to compleat, in a proper Manner, the Works which have been undertaken at Carlton House, as soon as the same can be prepared with sufficient Accuracy; and recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of making some Provision for that Purpose. q

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Land Tax Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by Comraiseton-an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to ere put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, pass intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-six," and for appointing ether Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred

and Eighty-six," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Mr. Hastings posed, That Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor ordered into

General of Bengal, be taken into the Custody of the Custody. Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 17th Day of December 1680, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to Mr. Seymour, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lorda Walker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duchy of Act' to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year Lancaster of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Bill.

" Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of tire " Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain " Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within " their Survey,- and to encourage the Growth of

9 Q " Timber,

794

Mail

A\ 1787.

Timber, on Lancia held of the said Duchy," and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, without any Amendment: And also,

Indemnity The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bl Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua-

lify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers ,in Cities, Corporations, and Corough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also,

Pitfen-an The Lord's have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill.8 #ty Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase of the Proprietors of Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Pitferran, in the County of Fife, the Right of Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Coals exported; without any Amendment: And also,

Surgeons of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Edinburgh Act for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted Charter Bill, jjy TIis Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations; and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution; without any Amendment: And also,

Stafford Gaol The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill. Act for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper

Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places, within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively; without any Amendment: And also,

Wanstead The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Church Bill. for re-building the Church of the Parish of Mary, Wanstede, alias Wanstead, in the County of Essexwithout any Amendment: And also,

Bill for ex- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tending the for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal andefd1 authorized to be made and maintained by so much of Navigation, several Acts, made in the Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Catron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

Berwick The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ltoad Bill. Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Borough of Berwick upon by Ayton

Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie Causetcay and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berwick; without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Uttoxeter Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Boad passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from TewnaWs Lane to YoxaU,

Bridge, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Two Districts of Road therein described; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Milwich fn-for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste closure BilL Grounds within the Manor or reputed: Manor and Parish of Milwich, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Steeton and for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the several Moors, ^astbum In-Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or c oSure Manors, and Township or Townships of Steeton and Eastburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Thie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lastingham Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Inclosure within the Township of Lastingham, in the North Rid- BlU-ing of the County of York; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for raiv Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or >nSa Sllm ty Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- chTuerBais* sand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; without any q Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for raiiM Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or >ng a further Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Sum by d* thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for rai*-Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Exche- *nga further quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; without any Amend- q ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for Sal# Act for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to His Majesty; without any Amendment:

And also. Majesty.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Pawnbroker* Act for regulating the Trade and Business of Bill, with Pawnbrokers; with some Amendments; to which An*"lul* Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this ments' House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Post Office That the Committee who are appointed to enquire Committee, into certain Abuses in the Post Office have Power to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit, not- Committees withstanding any Adjournment of the House. to sit.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House ac- Mr. Hasting* quainted the House, that he had taken Wtrren Hast- taken into ings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, into his Custody.

The ingrossed Article (being the Seventh Article) of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, was read.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Title of the said Articleviz.

Before the Word "Article" to insert the Words " A further, " and to leave out from " Article " to u against," and insert the Words " being the Seventh, 12 "exhibited

Vllth Ar-tide of Impeachment against Mr. Hastings to be carried to the Lords.

«3)be

Si

0 15

dv.

jrdtlOD

‘Ninons -:.Dii L

*sBi]

M

-ifor J 4i$j

!*s

M{

21* Mali.

27 Geo. III.

795

" exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in " Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves " and of all the Commons of Great Britain" instead thereof; and at the End of the Title to insert the Words " in Maintenance of their Impeachment against " him for High Crimes and Misdemeanors."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Title of the said Article was amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the said Article of Impeachment to the Lords.

Lords to be Ordered, That Mr. Burke do at the same Time Mquomted acquaint the Lords, that the said Warren Hastings, Hastings is Squire. in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending in Custody, this House, ready to be delivered to the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, when the Lords shall please to give Order therein.

Shipping and An ingrossed Bill to enforce, and render more ef-Nivigaiion several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the

1 pas*e Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to obviate Doubts respecting the Construction of former Acts.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 7. To leave out " Seven," and insert

" Six" instead thereof.

1. 39. To leave out " Seven," and insert " Six" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enforce, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur* rence.

Spirituous An ingrossed Bill for laying additional Duties

Liquors Li- upon Licences, to be taken out by Persons deal-cences Bill Retail in Spirituous Liquors, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences, to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bin for Al- An ingrossed Bill for making Allowances to the lowanceg to Dealers in Foreign Wines for the Stock of certain Dealers in Foreign Wine in their Possession, at a certain Time, Wines0 upon which the Duties on Importation have been

passed. paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the

Revenue of Excise, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 7. To leave out "Hydrometer," and

insert Hydrometers" instead thereof.

1. 9. To leave out " export Hydrometer,"

and insert "Hydrometers" instead thereof.

1. 12. To leave out " as Hydrometer," Vol. 42.

and insert "Hydrometers"instead thereof.

1. 26. To leave out ‘‘Hydrometer," and insert " Hydrometers" instead thereof.

I. 27. To leave out "export Hydrometer," and insert "Hydrometers" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines for the Stock of certain Foreign Winfe in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Jonmal to be End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this printed, present Session, with an Index to the Forty^first Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatsell,

Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Address for

Money for printing the journal.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Forty-first Volume; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, expressing the Sense of this House of the Money to great Ability, Diligence, and Attention* with which the Commissioners appointed by several Acts of Par- pubiiCAc-liament for examining, taking, and stating, tire Public counts. Accounts of the Kingdom, have executed the important Trust committed to them; Mid humbly requesting, that His Majesty will bo graciously pleased to order the Sum of Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds Net, to be issued to the said Commissioners; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved,

Address for Expence of printing Votes.

Address for Expences of printing Bills, Reports, &c.

796

2i° — 23°

A. 1787.

Addres* for R, Thkt an humble Address be presented to Mr°White. ^*8 Majesty, tha.t He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be issued to George White, Esquire, towards reimbursing him Expences incurred for Business done pursuant to the Directions of Two Acts, passed in (lie last Session of Parliament, for procuring Returns from the several Parishes and Places in England and Wales, of the Poors Rates and Charitable Donations,. and in preparing Abstracts of the said Returns for the Use of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

House Resolved., That this House will, at the Rising of adjourns. the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next

Public Offi- An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners ces Commis- further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perqui-sioners Bill sites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, paMe' received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to exa-' mine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

American An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners Loyalists further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all Commission- such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dis-sentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissen-tions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Class Duties An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty Bill passed, certain Duties on Glass imported into Great,

and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties, on Glass, made in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for the An ingrossed Bill for making further Provisions in Smuggling of reSartl to suck Vessels are particularly described-in flee. passed*

ers Bill passed.

an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preven- -tion of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and, for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass 2 And that the Title be, An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and, for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Consolidate* certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, Asm

and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for p ‘ dddre the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Mali Anno 27° Georgii III'" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

MR. Burke reported, That he did, on Monday last* vi!,k Ankle pursuant to the Order of the House, deliver to of Impeteb-the Lords, and had left with their Lordships, the in- ®ent ag*imt grossed Article (being the Seventh Article) of Im- deliverTduf* peachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the Lords. Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal’, and, that he also did, at the same Time, pursuant to the other Order of the House of the same Day, acquaint the Lords, that the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, was then in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, ready to be delivered to the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, when the Lords should please to give Order therein.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House ac- Mr. Ilasiinp quainted the House, That, in pursuance of their Or- delivered to der of Monday last, he did, on the same pay, deliver dBla£k Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Gentleman Usher of Ko the Black Rod, and had taken a Discharge for him on the Back of the Lords’ Order; which Order, and Discharge, are as followeth; vis.

Die

Answers to Addresses.

27 Geo. III. 23° Mail.

797

Die Luna,2t* 1787.

Whereas Warren Hastings Esquire, late Governor

General of Bengal, now stands impeached before this House, by the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, of divers High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and is now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, That the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod attending this House, his Deputy or Deputies, do forthwith take into their Custody the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, and keep him in safe Custody until further Order of this House: And this shall be a sufficient Warrant in that Behalf.

Ashley Cooper, Cler. Parliamentor.

To Sir Francis MolyneOx,

Knight, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod attending this House, his Deputy and Deputies, and every of them.

21" Maii 1787.

Then received the Body of the within-named Warren Hastings, Esquire, from the Hands of Mr. Serjeant

Col, mn' F. Molyneux.

The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That their Addresses of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be advanced to John HatseU, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Forty-first Volume, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of tills House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions' as desired by the said Addresses.

The Earl of Courtown also reported to the House, That their Addresses of Monday last (expressing the Sense of this House of the great Ability, Diligence, and Attention, with which the Commissioners appointed by several Acts of Parliament for examining, taking, and stating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, have executed the important Trust committed to them, and humbly requesting that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds Net, to be issued to the said Commissioners; and also, that Hie "'>esty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum 'rhrec thousand Pounds to be issued to George White, _ 'dre, towards re-imbursing him Expences incurred for Iciness done pprsuant to the Directions of Two Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for procuring Returns from the several Parishes and Places in England and Wales, of the Poors Rates and Charitable Donations, and in preparing Abstracts of the said Returns for the Use of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His

Vol. 42.

Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House* that He will give Directions as 'desired by the said Addresses.

agreed to.

Pr. 11. 1. 22.

Pr. 24. 1. 16. Pr. 26. 1. 6.

in-

to

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amendments An Act for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawn-brokers.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2.1. 1. After " for " insert " further."

2. 1. 10. Leave out from " same" to " that," in Line 31.

Leave out from " Justices " to " And, " in Line Ultimo of the same Press.

Leave out from " Chattels" to "And," in Line 23.

Leave out " Seven Days," and in-- sert " Three Months.

1. 9. Leave out " Seven Days," and sert " Three Months/’

Pr. 28. 1. 22. Lthve out from " committed "

" And," in Line 28.

Pr. 31, I.33. Leave out from "Persons" to "And," in Press 32, Line 1.

Pr. 36. 1. 37. Leave out from " mentioned " to " And," in Press 37, Line 13.

Pr. 44* 1. 32. Leave out from " Act" to " And," in Press 46, Line 25, and insert the following Clause, " Provided always, and it is hereby " further Enacted, That this Act " shall continue and be in Force " for One Year only, from the " First of June in the present " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven."

In the Title of the Bill,

1. t. After "for" insert "further."*

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Iroing, In-Account of spector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Wheat, &c. Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their pre3ented. Order,

An Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported from the County of Norfolk, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1780, inclusive; distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each Year, and from what Port or Place within the said County, and to what Port or Place the same was exported, and the Bounty paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Gould reported from the Committee, Salusbury’-s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estat* . An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange inserted in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Robert Salusb, Esquire, with Katherine his Wife, was committed; That the Com-

9 R mittee

33° Maii» A. 1787*

BWttee had examined die Allegations n& the BUI, and fowl the same to be tree; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the BUI in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Meadoed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Gould do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Fatate^Ml ^r* BrudeneU reported from the Committee, to

reported and the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

passed. ’ An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of William Simpson, Esquire, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations

of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the State of th* House, by His Majesty’s Command, Prince of

State of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales's.

Debts, to the 5th of July, 1786: And also, Expenditure,

Abstract of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales's presented. THfee Years Expenditure, from the 5th of July 1783 to the 5th of July 1786.

And the Titles of the said State and Abstract were read.

The said State and Abstract are as followeth; viz.

STATE of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales’s Debts, to the 5th of July 1786.

in;

DiP

Mi

I*Ln

ate ag

b

>7

EAf

0.&C

Lv‘Ol

bill'll

UtftC!

Rond Debts - -

Purchase of Houses, &c. ——

Expence qo Carlton House- -....

Tradesmen’s Bills delivered to the Commissioners, under the Heads of Household, Robes, Wardrobe, Privy Purse, Stables,&c. - -

£ 13,000-----

4,000-----

53,305 16 5

90,804 >3 7 £. 161,110----

H. Lyle, G. Lake, S. Hulse.

SI; Ci

toy 0 :&es.

kiaic fa Pc

a

tarbre

lixkT

fam

BA

A BSTR ACT of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales’s Three Years Expenditure, from the 5th of July 1783

to the 5th of July 1786.

Household, included in Colonel Hot hams Extras, for Three Years, from to October 1783 to 5 July 1786 - ------ £. 29,277

Privy Purse, included also in Colonel Hot ham's Extras, for Three Years ’ - 16,050

Payments made by Colonel Hot ham for the same Time, by His Royal Iiiglmess’s particular Orders, as per Abstract delivered to His Majesty - - - - 37,203

Other Extraordinary Expences for Three Years, by Ditto, not included under any of the foregoing Heads, as Annual Donations, Taxes, See. Sic. - - - 11,406

Total Payments included in Colonel Hotham's Extras £93,936 — —

Salaries and Allowances, for Three Years 54,734 1 Stables, &c. - 37,919 f Mr. Rabinsoris Extras - 7,°59 J 99,712

XT £. 193,648

H. Lyte, G. Lake, S. Hulse.

ill

la.

Hi*} Bi! kids I

Oi'dcred,

27 Geo. III.

53' Ma li.

799

Ordered, That the said State a*d Abstract do lie Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste upon the Table, to be perused % the Members of the Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of House. in the County of Derby; without any Amendment:

And also,

King’s Mes- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled^ An Grantham

«age respect- Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message of Act for taking down the Guildhall or Town Hall in the

0" Wales de- Monday last, be now read. Borough of , in the County of , and

ferred. And the said Order being read accordingly; re-building the same; without any Amendment; And

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Most Gracious also,

Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Devon Gao! Morning. for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of

Devon, called The High a Public and Common The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Gaol, and for discharging Denys Rolle and John,

have agreed Walker: Esquires, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, from

Mr. Speaker, the Office of Keeper of the said Gaol, and for improving

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and enlarging the same, or building a new one, and also for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to for taking down the Chapel, in the Castle of Exeter, and be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any also, Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Little Eatoa

to

Lottery Bill.

TapistsDeeds and Wills inrollment Bill,

for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and for dividing and inclosing the Common Open Fields, g"[j09Hre

nesses.

Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers; Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Liberty without any Amendment: And also, of Little Eaton, within the Manor of , in

Bill, Affida- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the County of; without any Amendment: And vits, &c. in for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made Use of in also,

the Court of the Court of Session of the County Palatine of Chester, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sussex Gaol Chesteran(l for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits Act for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the BllI> depending in the same Court; without any Amendment: Premisses belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the

And also. County of , in Trustees, for the Purpose of

Bill; Compe* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An conveying the same to the Right honourable Frances tency of Wit- Act for obviating Objections to the Competency of Viscountess and her Heirs, and to declare the

Witnesses in certain Cases; without any Amendment: new Gaol or Prison lately built to be the Common

And also, Gaol for the said County; without any Amendment:

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act And also, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stamford and Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of King- for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed ston. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of oa 1 in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of Scant George, his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, also,

under certain Regulations and Restrictions; without any The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for famr-

Amendment: And also, Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- j^ n"lles on

Aberbro- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An missioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to lost orses‘

tbocWTwo Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in

Penuies Scots the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

Bill. r/ — y — *----- .1 — e. — j — j f /*.. rr t t /* . .» .

Jamaice, &c. Free Ports Bill.

King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

Valfall Road iill.

on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hursleyand Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Newbury Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Roads Bill. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Parish of ,in the County of Southamp-

V’ednesbury nd UilstoQ loads Bill.

awley In-losure Bill

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Cor-tier to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hilly and several other Roads in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Two first Districts of Road therein comprized; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bulkn in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, next The Poriway, and from thence through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Vol. 42*

ion, through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury, to Chilton Pond, and Newtown River, and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in the said Town of Nezvbury, to the Turnpike Road at SpcenhamUmd\ in the said County of Berks; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sandwich Act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, light- PavinS ing, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town, Port, and County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the said Highways,

Streets, and Lanes, and on the common Quay belonging to the said Town and Por^ and in the Haven

adjoining

8oo

2 3° M

/I. 178 7.

Chester Roads Bill.

'adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven, and for regulating the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Tunes for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester, and from the said City to the Assembly House in , in the

Township of Great Neston, in the said County; and from Great Neston aforesaid to the said Woodside Ferry;

Melbourne Inclosure Bill, with Amend* meats.

Report from Post Office Committee.

Appendix, N* i.

Appendix,

N° 9.

Mr. Lees.-1 — That it appeared to your Committee, That Appendix,

Lord Carteret had been greatly displeased and disquieted by the Discovery of this Transaction) contained in the Narrative of Mr. Lees already mentioned. — That Mr. Todd, who has for many Years past been Secretary to the Post Office, informed your Committee, That such a Transaction was totally unprecedented: and that he expressed his Disapprobation of it to both Post Masters General at the Time it took place.

That it further appeared to your Committee, from the Appendix, Examination of Mr. Todd and Mr. Treoes, that a Pay- 9*

and from the Road leading from the City of Chester ment of an Annuity of £. 200 a Year had been exacted to Parkgate aforesaid to the Road leading from the £ *" " *L‘ '"k/3C — -c

same City to the said Woodside Ferry, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Melbourne and King's Newton, in the Parish and Lordship of Melbourne, in the County of Derby, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Grey repbrted from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into certain Abuses in the Post Office; That the Committee had enquired accordingly,

from a Mr, Dashwoed, appointed to the Office of Post

Master General in Jamaica; that this Annuity was exacted from Mr. Dashwood, as the Condition of his Appointment to the last mentioned Office, and has been regularly paid by him to Mr. Treoes, who has never performed any Public Service in the Post Office, or in any other Public Department, to entitle him to any Public Reward.

That it further appeared to your Committee, That Appendix, CrispMolineux, Esquire, Agent to the Packets at Hel- N*®* voytsluys, was permitted, with the Knowledge of Lord Carteret, to dispose of his Office to a Mr. Hutchinson for a Sum of Money; that Complaints have been made against Mr. Hutchinson for improper Conduct in his Office; that a Letter was written to him from the Post Office in the Month of January last, by the Order of

\j.W' ' i- b. I :13il |

itfilldi

H

Appendix, N" 2.

Appendix, N" 1.

and had directed him to report their Proceedings to the Lord Carteret, informing Mr. Hutchinson, that if he did House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- r u:~ w%/r "

wards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Narrative transmitted to the Post Office here, by John Lees, Esquire, Secretary to the Post Office in Ireland, was presented to your Committee; and your Committee finding Matter therein which appeared highly deserving of further Investigation, examined the Earl of Tankeroille, late Post Master General, John Wakot,

Esquire, Agent to the Post Master General at Dover,

Anthony Todd, Esquire, Secretary to the Post Office, and Pellegrin Treoes, Esquire.

That it appeared to your Committee, from the Evidence of these Persons, That Mr. Lees on receiving his Appointment of Secretary to the Post Office in Ireland, entered into a Security to pay the Sum of £. 350 Sterling a Year, out of tire Profits and Emoluments of the said Office, to a Person described by the said Mr. Lees by the Letters A. B. and whose real Name it appears, by a Letter from Mr. Lees to Mr.

Todd, likewise laid before your Committee, Mr. Lees considered himself bound to conceal — That the Annual Payment aforesaid was to take Place on the Death of a Mr. Barham, an ancient and meritorious Officer in the Service of the Post Office, and who had, as a Reward for his Services, been permitted to retire with the Enjoyment of the Emoluments attendant upon the Office of Agent to the Packet Boats at Dover. — That it appeared to your Committee, That Mr. Treves was the Person to whom the Annual Sum of £. 350 was to be paid, and that the Security for the Payment thereof was given by Mr.

Lees and Mr. Walcot to Mr. Treoes — That the Payment of this Sum was required of Mr. Lees as the Condition of his Appointment to the Office of Secretary to the Post Office in Ireland, vacant by the Resignation of Mr. Walcot, who was appointed in the room of Mr. Barham — That Lord Carteret, who was Joint Post Master General with Lord Le Despenser at the Time of the above Appointment, was privy to the same; and that the Engagement to pay Mr.

Trcces £. 350 a Year after the Death of Mr. Barham,

Avas, in Fact the Condition of the Appointment of

not perform his Engagements to Mr. Mr,

Molineux must have his Place again. — That it appeared to your Committee, That Mr. Molineux was, from his Situation, incapable of discharging the Duties of the Office, and that Mr. Hutchinson had not properly discharged those Duties.

That it appeared to your Committee, None of these Transactions were entered in the Books of the Office; but, on the contrary, had been kept concealed.

That it further appeared to your Committee, That upon the Death of a Mr. Allen, a Mr. Staunton, Post Master at Isleworth, a Place worth £. 400 a Year, and upwards, was, in Addition thereto, appointed Comptroller and Resident Surveyor of the Bye and Cross Road Letter Office, to which a Salary of £. 500 a Year, and the Perquisites of Coals and Candles, is attached; that a House has always been attached to this Department; that His Majesty’s First Lord of the Treasury expressed his Desire to the Post Masters General, that the House attached to this Department might be allotted for another Purpose, in order to save the Expence of an additional House to the Public; that Lord Carteret proposed to the Board at the Post Office, that an Allowance of £. 100 a Year should be made to Mr.

Staunton in lieu of his House — That Lord Tankeroille resisted the same — That since Lord Tankerville's Removal from the Office of Post Master General that Allowance has been made — That the peculiar Motives to these various Instances of undue Preference, as well as the Objections to Mr. Staunton being the Object of them, appear more fully from Lord Tankerville's Narrative.

That it appeared to your Committee, as well from Lord Appendix, Tankerville's Evidence, as from the Correspondence and N* Narrative delivered in by his Lordship to your Committee, That he had made frequent Representations to His Majesty’s First Lord of the Treasury respecting the Abuses which he had discovered in the Post Office; and that he was encouraged in the Belief that he would have the Support and Assistance of Government in redressing foe same. That he was, soon after such Encouragement, removed from his Office of Post Master General.

That during these Enquiries, the Attention of your Committee was directed to a specific Charge

against.

typent

\°e

Appendix,

N*5.

1

27 Geo. III.

230 Mail.

80 it

Appendix, N" 9, 10. |o. a. b. c. t. f. and g.

Appendix,

V 9.

Appendix,

K* 6, 7. 8

against Lord TankerciUc,stating his having countenanced

a corrupt Transaction respecting the Appointment of a Mr. Peisly to be Coal Merchant to the Post Office; which Charge was, upon full Enquiry, discovered to have arisen upon a Misapprehension, and to be totally without Foundation.

Your Committee likewise received Information respecting the Origin of the Misunderstanding between Lord Tankervilleand Lord which is alledged

to have arisen in the proposed Nomination of a Mr. Dashitood by Lord Tankerville to the Office of Riding Surveyor, against the Opinion of Lord and when Mr. Dasfmood had been charged with having d committed several Frauds as Master and Captain of ‘ a Packet, and for which he had been dismissed the Service.

The Evidence of this Transaction appears in the Appendix to this Report; but as this Matter is not stated as an Abuse practised in the Post Office, but as the Commencement of a Difference between the Post Masters General, your Committee do not consider it as within their Province to report upon the Merits of the Case.

That it further appeared to your Committee, That various and extraordinary Abuses exist in the Management of the Packet Boats, particularly that no Deductions have been made from the Hire of any of the Packet Boats whilst under Repair, Seizure for Smuggling, or when unemployed; and that they have been for many Months together in that Situation.

That it further appeared to your Committee, That the Receipt of Perquisites and Incidents by the Post Masters General, particularly in Coals, Candles, and Tin Ware, were excessive; and that various Articles of Furniture have been improperly, and contrary to Precedent, supplied to Persons having Appointments under the Post Office. — Respecting all which Matters, your Committee have inserted several Papers in the Appendix to this Report.

That, owing to the short Time in which your Committee have been engaged in this Enquiry, they are unable to report the different Matters which they have enquired into so particularly as the Extent and Nature of the Abuses seem to require, but they think it their Duty to state generally that great and weighty Abuses appear to them to have prevailed in the Department of the Post Office, and such as seem to call for a further strict and immediate Enquiry, and a substantial Reform, the more especially as it appears that the Commissioners appointed Two Years ago to enquire into Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, have not hitherto made any Enquiry whatever into the Abuses of the said Department, notwithstanding that the same have been of great public Notoriety, and that many of them were distinctly detailed to His Majesty's First Lord of the Treasury, by Lord Tankerville, previous to his Dismission from the Post Office (See Letter from the Earl of Tankei'ville, dated 27th of November 1786, Appendix, N° 5. B.)

That your Committee, being pressed in Point of Time, have not been able to include in their Report all the Matter contained in their Minutes; and therefore, that the House may be fully informed of the Nature of their Enquiries, they have annexed their Minutes to their Report by Way of Appendix.

Appendix, N* 1.

(Copy)

A NARRATIVE of Facts respecting Mr. Lees's original Appointment, and present Situation, as Secretary of the General Post Office of Ireland.

Novr 16, 1774. Mr. Secretary Todd's Letter to Mr. Lees states, that Mr. Barham, Agent to the Dover Packets, having, on

Vol. 42.

Account of his Age and Infirmities, desired Leave to Report fiM resign, the Post Master General had been pleased to P°*t Office appoint Mr. Walcot to succeed him in that Employ-rnent, on Condition that Mr. Walcot should allow to Mr. Barham, during Mr. Barham's Life, the full Income of his Place, both for Salary and Perquisites, as a Reward for his long and faithful Services; and, in like Manner, that they had been pleased to appoint Mr.

Lees Secretary to the Dublin Post Office in the room of Mr. Walcot, on Condition that hey Mr. Lees, should allow to Mr. Walcot, for the-Purpose of Mr. Walcot'$ handing over the same to Mr. Barham, the full Income of that Employment, both for Salary and Perquisites, during the Life of Mr. Barham.

That Mr. Lees, prior to the above-recited Appointment, entered into an Engagement to pay to A. B. an Annuity of £. 350. British, or £ 379 Irish Currency, to commence from the Death of Mr. Barham, and to continue the same during the joint Lives of the said A. B. and Mr. Lees, provided Mr. Lees should remain so long in the Office of Secretary, or should not be removed therefrom contrary to his Consent.

Mr. Lees, as a further Consideration for his said Appointment in the Post Office, also entered into an Engagement to pay to Mr. Walcot at the Rate of 150 British Annually, in case the Emolument of the Office should be found to exceed £. 1,000 per Annum, or a Moiety of whatever the Office should produce, between £. 800 and £. 1,000. Those Annual Payments of £. 350 and £. 150 British, or £. 541 Irish Currency, were to commence and be paid Half-yearly, in London, from the Death of Mr. Barham.

Mr. Walcot on his Part engaged, during the Life of Mr. Barham, and in Consideration of Mr. s doing the Duty of the Office, to allow to him, Mr. Lees, the Sum of £. 300 per Annum.

Mr. Barham being at that Time in a very precarious State of Health, and Mr. Walcot very desirous to extricate himself from the Necessity of advancing large Sums of Money for paying the Printers for Newspapers, which he had theretofore been obliged to do, and from the Trouble of long Accounts, and the Expence of collecting Payment for them throughout the Kingdom, he, Mr. Walcot, laid before Mr. Lees a State of the Salary and Emoluments of the Post Office, rating them together at £. 1,150 a Year; he also represented to Mr. Lees, that he had stipulated, instead of the Salary and Emoluments of the Office, to pay to Mr. Barham a Net Income of £.800 a Year; that his Unele, Lord Le Despencer, the then Post Master General, had expressed an earnest Desire that he and Mr. Lees should enter into an Agreement of the same Nature; and accordingly, after various Statements, and to obviate every Difficulty that might arise in settling Accounts* it was at last finally agreed between Mr. Walcot and Mr. Lees, that Mr. Lees, during Mr.

Barhams Life, should pay to Mr. Walcot 750 -

tish, or £.812 Irish Currency; the Payments of £. 350 to A. B. and £. 150 to Mr. Walcot, were to remain subject to the original Engagement prior to Mr. Lees's Appointment: Or, in other Words, Mr. Lees was to pay, for Mr. Barhams Use, £812 Irish per Annum, during Mr. Barhams Life, and the Two Sums, amounting to £. 500 British, for the Lives of Messrs. A. B. and Mr. Walcot, to commence on the Death of Mr.

Barham.

It having been judged expedient by Administration, as well in England as in Ireland, that Mr. Lees should be advanced to the War Office in this Kingdom, he was succeeded in the Post Office, May 15, 1781, by Mr.

Armit; and Mr. Lees became responsible with him for the due Performance of those Engagements entered into under the Minute of Appointment, and with A. B. and Mr. Walcot.

The Office Appointments consist of a Salary of £-3°o to a Secretary, £.100 to a Comptroller of the

9 S Penny

802

230 Mail.

A. 1787.

Report from Penny Post Office, and an Allowance of £. 33 for plat Office coais an(j Candles, for the Use of Apartments sepa-Owumit ce. r^fi from t|ie office. The Emoluments otherwise arose entirely from supplying English and Irish Newspapers.

On an exact Statement of the Salaries and EmoluJ ments of this Office, at the Time Mr. Lees was advanced to the War Office, laid before Lord Carlisle by Mr. Eden, it appeared, during the Seven Years which lie, Mr. Lees, had held the Post Office, that, after deducting the Annual Payment of £.812 payable to Mr. JValcot, and the necessary Expence of Management in circulating the Newspapers, Mr. Lees had, on an Average, received to his own Use, only £. 76. 3. 4. per Annum, to which Income is to be added a gross Sum, by Way of Arrear, then due for Newspaper Accounts, of £. 3,1.52, of which it is presumed £. 1,200 may, upon the Whole, be recovered.

Acts of Parliament having passed in both Kingdoms for rendering the Irish Post Office independent of the British Post Office, Mr. Armit, in August 1784, was removed, and Mr. Lees, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, was appointed in his room.

Upon such an Appointment made independently of the British Post Office, it might be supposed that the Conditions under which Mr. Armit held the Office from the Post Master General of England should cease; and many People in Ireland, to whom such Part of the original Stipulation, so far as respected Mr. Barham, was known (for the contingent and eventual Parts were not disclosed) concluded, that from the Moment the Irish Post Office became a distinct and separate Department, and that the Secretary’s Appointment also became independent of the Post Master General of England, the Conditions under which Mr. Armit had been appointed, and had held the Office, could no longer be in Force against his Successor; and that the Emoluments of this Office, as independent of the London Office, would from thence be enjoyed by the Secretary, discharged from prior Engagements.

But Mr. Lees never having meant to avail himself of any Distinction which could arise from the Change, has acted from Sentiments of Gratitude and Respect, arising from a Recollection of Kindnesses by the Post Master General towards him, and is willing also to admit, that he accepted his original Appointment under the express Conditions stated in Mr. Todd's Letter before recited; that all the Engagements which he entered into were his own voluntary Acts, and were Uie Terms upon which he obtained the Appointment; subsequent Events therefore, so far from relieving Mr. Lees, in case the Post Master General of England, and Government of Ireland, judge it expedient and just, that he ought not to be discharged from those Burthens, determine him to a strict and rigid Adherence to what was originally understood to be the Terms and Spirit of the Engagements, except where the Legislature, in the Instance he shall hereafter state, may warrant a Deviation, and where he is persuaded he can in perfect Security throw himself upon the Candour and Justice of the Post Master General, and of the Administration of both Kingdoms.

Mr. Lees has fully and fairly stated the Terms of his Appointment to the Post Office in 1774; and he appeals to Mr. Todd’s Recollection of the various Circumstances connected with it.

At the Time of his Appointment, whilst he held the Office, and until the late Secretary, Mr. s Re-

moval, in August last, the Secretary of the Dublin Office enjoyed the Privilege of receiving free, and of circulating in Ireland, English Newspapers, together with the exclusive Privilege of franking to, and of circulating Irish Newspapers in, England; under those Privileges, formerly annexed to the Station, very considerable Emoluments resulted to the Secretary, which

unquestionably were understood, and stated to Mr. Lees, as furnishing no inconsiderable Part of the Means by which he was to fulfil his Engagements, as well those combined with the Conditions stated in Mr. Secretary Todd’s Letter of Appointment, as with the Engagements to A. B. and Mr. JValcot.

By the English Act of Parliament for disuniting the Irish from the British Post Office, the Privilege of circulating English Newspapers was totally destroyed, and the Irish Post Office Secretary, circumstanced arf that Matter now stands, and upon which he also appeals to Mr. Todd, does not nor can circulate, with any possible Advantage to himself, a single English Newspaper; and as to the exclusive Privilege which he formerly held in the Dublin Office, of sending Newspapers to England, that is also totally taken' away, such Newspapers being made liable to British Postage; and every Person whatever may, under the British Act of Parliament, send to, and receive, Irish Newspapers in England, on the Payment of One Penny

Postage.

From a List of the Names of Persons in England and in Ireland supplied with Newspapers by the Secretary, a Copy of which was transmitted to Mr. Todd the 22d of March last, it appeared that the Emoluments arising therefrom, on due Collection, would amount to £403 a Year.

Mr. Lees, at the same Time that he tiansmitted to Mr. Todd that List, likewise sent him the Names of such Persons as were supplied with English Newspapers in Ireland, by the several Clerks of the Roads belonging to the Dublin Office. When the Separation of the Irish Post Office from the British Post Office took Place, those Officers having been by the English Act also deprived of their Privilege, they accordingly represented their Situation to the Irish Government; and the Lord Lieutenant in consequence, from a Principle of Justice, ordered that an Allowance equivalent to the Loss stated to be sustained by each of the said Clerks of the Roads, should be placed upon the Irish Establishment, and paid Quarterly. The same Justice, Mr. Lees is warranted in asserting, would have been extended to Mr. Armit the Secretary, had he been continued in that Employment.

Mr. Lees’s present Appointment having only commenced with the Irish Act (the 1st of August last) which, whilst it established the Independency of the Irish Post Office, annulled the Privileges formerly enjoyed by its Secretary, he had no just Right to claim Compensation for what, from the Time of his Appointment to the War Office in 1781, he has not been in the Possession of, much less to expect an Indemnification at the Expence of Ireland, from an Engagement made and continued for the Support of a superannuated Officer belonging to the British Post Office, entered into Ten Years ago, when Ireland held her Post Office merely as a Branch of the London Office.

Mr. Lees therefore conceives, his original Appointment having been given to him with the Privileges and consequent Advantages above stated, as the very Means by which he was expected and enabled to perform the Engagements and Conditions entered into under that Appointment, that he ought, in his future Payments, to be exempted in the Amount of the Loss sustained; such an Exemption he is led to consider as an Act of mere Justice, and upon that Principle hopes that he shall, in the Judgment of the Post Master General of England, stand justified, if from the Date of his late Appointment he shall take upon him to deduct from the former stipulated Remittance of £.812, the before-mentioned Sum of £. 403; concluding, as a necessary Consequence, that Mr. JValcot will be equally exempted in his Payments to Mr. and that Provision will be made for that Gentleman on Office Incidents, out of the Revenue produced 6 by

27 Geo. III. 230 Matt. 803

by the Newspapers, or otherwise, according to the Judgment of the Board. Because,

When it is adverted to, that the Secretary has been deprived of his customary Emoluments in the Amount above stated, by an Act of the British Legislature, founded on a deliberate System calculated for the Improvement of the British Revenue, it would be arraigning the Justice as well as Candour of the Post Master General, and of British Government, to suppose it possible that, under such Circumstances, if the Irish Secretary had even continued to derive under their Appointment and Authority, they could expect or exact from him the Performance of such Engagements.

It ought also to be adverted to, that on the Separation of the Irish Post Office from that of Great Britain, the Probability is, that the late Secretary would not have been continued in that Station. The present Circumstances of this Country, the Regulations necessary to be formed, and the System to be pursued in conducting the Post Office Department, might have induced Government, independently of any Attention to Mr. Lees, to make the Change which actually took Place in Mr. Armit's Situation, in which Case, as he, Mr. Armit, stood thereby acquitted of every Engagement to Mr. Barham, A. B. or Mr. , Mr. Lees

became equally discharged; and if Irish Government had appointed any other Person to that Employment, such Person unquestionably would not nor could have been considered, in any Respect whatsoever, responsible for Mr. Armit's private Engagements; Mr. Lees's late Appointment therefore, taken up in that Point of View, stands, without Doubt, equally freed from such Engagements.

Mr. Lees has hitherto confined himself to a mere Statement of Facts, so far as they respect the Circumstances attending his original and present Appointment in the Post Office: He now presumes to submit to the Consideration of the Post Master General of England, how far it may appear consistent or decorous that an Officer of theirs, who had served the Public honourably and faithfully upwards of Fifty Years, and who may now be considered as reduced, through old Age and Infirmities, to a State of Imbecility, shall be left in that Situation to a precarious Maintenance, arising out of the Income of an Officer, no longer acting under their Authority, and, from the present Circumstances of his Appointment, actually deprived of a Moiety of that Maintenance which he had hitherto enjoyed, and even that Moiety entirely depending on the still more precarious Tenure, the Death or Removal of that Officer.

Mr. Lees is therefore persuaded, that when the Post Master General shall be duly apprized of Mr. Barham's present dependent Situation, and the possible Distress to which, in his last Moments, he may be exposed, that they will instantly represent his Case to the Lords of the Treasury, and obtain their Lordships Warrant for allowing to Mr. Barham, on Incidents, or out of the Revenue accruing to the Post Office from the lately-adopted Mode of circulating Newspapers, an Annuity during his Life, equal to the Annuity paid to him by Mr. Walcot, in Consequence of Remittances hitherto made to him for that Purpose, by the Secretary of the Irish Post Office, since the 16th of November

1774, such Annuity to be paid and payable from the 1st of August 1784.

Such Representation, Mr. Lees humbly conceives, when the Facts are known, will be made to, and admitted by, the Lords of the Treasury, as a Matter of course, his Case being shortly this, as may be submitted in a Memorial conceived in Terms to the following Import.

That about Ten Years ago Mr. Barham, being from Age and Infirmities rendered incapable of discharging his Duty as Agent for His Majesty’s Packets

Vol. 42.

at Dover, he was permitted to resign upon the Terms Report from stated in the Minute of Mr. IVAppointment in £ost ®.®ce his room; that since that Time, in consequence of the LommiUee‘ Terms stated in the Minute appointing Mr. Lees Secretary to the Irish Post Office in the rbom of Mr.

Walcot, Mr. Walcot had regularly received from the Irish Secretary, and paid over to Mr. Barham, an Annual Allowance, out of the Salary and Emoluments of that Department, of £812 Irish Currency; that in pursuance of an v\ct lately passed for rendering the Irish Post Office independent of that of Great Britain, and for establishing certain Regulations therein mentioned, the Irish Secretary, by that Act. became dej prived of certain Emoluments formerly arising to him from the Privileges he had uninterruptedly enjoyed, of circulating Newspapers; that such Newspapers are, by the said Act, now liable to a certain Rate of Postage, applicable to the Revenue of Great Britain; that the Appointment of the said Secretary no longer depends upon us; that in Consideration thereof, and the Loss he sustained by the Regulation before-mentioned, respecting the Circulation of Newspapers, he has represented the same to us, and made it his Request, that from and after the First Day of August last, when the Separation of the Two Offices took Place, he may be exempted from the said Annual Payment to Mr. Walcot, for the Use of Mr. Barham; — that Mr. Barham is now near Eighty Years of Age, 8$c.

Air. Lees further takes the Liberty to submit to the Consideration of Government in both Kingdoms, whether, from his present Situation, necessarily confidential, attended with great Labour and Responsibility, where an expensive Establishment, from the peculiar Line in which he has been placed for many Years is this Kingdom, must, as well in his immediate Department as from other Causes not less essential to Government, and well known to Mr. be kept up,

it may not be expedient and wise to liberate him entirely from every Part of the Engagements under which he may, in Point of Honour conceive himself personally bound to Air. Walcot for the Benefit of Mr.

Barham, so long as Mr. Walcot shall be obliged to perform to Mr. Barham the Conditions of his Appointment, as stated in Air. Todd's Letter in November

Upon the Whole, confiding in the Justice and Candour of the Post Master General of England, And relying on the Wisdom and Liberality of Administration in both Kingdoms, Mr. Lees is willing to hope, that upon Consideration of the Facts and Circumstances which he has stated, and of the Representation of Mr. Orde, he shall be permitted to enjoy his present Appointments in the Post Office, clearly and independently of the various Incumbrances with which it has been hitherto oppressed; and that, in making Provision for Air. Barham, Mr. JValcot will be necessarily exempted from any future Payments to Air. Barham.

John Lees.

General Post Office,

Dublin, 15th November 1784.

Appendix, N* 2.

COPY of a Letter from John Lees, Esquire, to

Air. Todd.

General Post Office, Dublin, December 20th, 1784.

Sir,

I have heard, with very great Concern, that Lord Carteret has expressed some Disapprobation at my stating, in the Narrative which I transmitted to you the 23d past, that Part of the Transaction, to which I was made subject, respecting the eventual Annuity to A. B. to commence on the Death of Mr. Barham.

No Alan has a better or a quicker Understanding, more accurate Ideas of Justice, nor nicer Feelings

of

Report from Post Office Committee.

8d4 £3° Mail. J. ll%1‘

of Honour and Delicacy, than Lord and there

are but few indeed to whom I owe more sincere and real reSpefct; and I am satisfied to have my Conduct, fend my whole Purpose in this Business, canvassed fend examined by these Principles only.

When this Agreement was entered into, the Consideration of that Agreement, and the Means by which I was enabled to perform it, were certain Emoluments which I derived from the Circulation of English News-

fapers, under an English Act of Parliament — The 'ost Office Laws are now totally changed. — The Post Office of Ireland is governed by an Irish Law. — Those Emoluments which have hitherto furnished to fne a principal Part of the Means of paying to Mr. Walcot, for the Use of Mr. , Annually, since

toy Appointment in 1774, the Sum of £812, and that were to enable me, on Mr. Barham’s Death, when the Allowance to him should cease, to pay to A. B. an Annuity of £. 350, are not only cut off from the but are actually vested in the British Post Office, and are otherwise made applicable to the Public Revenue, by the Charge of One Penny Postage on each Paper.

You, I know, have said* and very recently, and having said it I ought to believe that it is your Opinion, that the Privilege in Question. was not taken away from the Irish Secretary. — Will you only have the Kindness to advert to your own Official authorized Advertisement to the Public, and there you will see that you give Notice, that the Clerk of the Chester Road will supply Ireland with English Newspapers at the printed Price charged thereon, being 3 for each Paper, with the additional Expence of One Penny only for Postage ? and will you be pleased also to recollect, that from the Moment the Tendency of the Separating Act was known, and that your Advertisement appeared, I, and every Person connected with this Office (the Two Sorters excepted, who are permitted to supply the Printers and Coffee Houses of Dublin merely) discontinued the Circulation of English Newspapers in Ireland. — You will also be pleased to recollect, that I transmitted to you Lists of the Names of the Persons supplied with English Newspapers by the Secretary and Clerks of this Office: That I gave public and circular Notice, that from the First of August last. Persons in Ireland desirous of having English Newspapers must apply to the London Office; and you must also recollect, that on the 1 ith of September last I referred you to a Letter of the nth of August preceding, with which I had transmitted a Copy of the circular Notice given by me to every Newspaper Correspondent in that I had no

other Connection or Concern with English Newspapers than merely communicating to you the Applications made for them to this Office. — From the Secretary’s List of English and Newspapers which I sent you, it appeared, that the Profits resulting to him Annually from that Traffic amounted, on due Collection, to £. 403. — And in Addition to what I have said, and the most conclusive Answer that can be given to what you conceive on this Subject, is, that from the Commencement of the present Post Office Laws, and my Appointment in August last, I have neither directly or indirectly circulated a single British Newspaper in this Kingdom; and so far you will at least give me (Credit, that if I could have done it with any apparent Advantage to myself, I would not have neglected the Means that my Knowledge of the Business, my Habits and Connections in this Country, gave me over every other Man, either in or out of the Kingdom; so that whatever Emolument arises from it, is now possessed entirely and exclusively by the London Office. — With respect to the Privilege of sending Newspapers to England, that Privilege, so far from being, as heretofore, exclusively enjoyed by the Secretary of this Office, you know that it is now thrown open to every Person who chuses to exercise it, on the

Payment of One Penny Postage, in the Option, by your Advertisement, of the Person either sending or receiving the Paper — any Profit consequently arising from that Branch has become so very trifling as scarcely to deserve Notice, being as I have said, the Right of any Body, and of every Body.

But to return to the Disapprobation expressed by Lord Carteret, in making my humble Application to be discharged from an Engagement, which by the present Post Office Laws it became impossible for me to perform, either now or after the Death of Mr. Barham, I conceived it to be a Duty not less due to myself than to A. B. to state the Fact, but u ithout going into the Particulars of that Transaction, or pointing it in any Manner to any Person whatsoever; and so careful have I been in this Respect, that neither to1 Mr. Orde, Lord Tankerville, or Mr. Hamilton, have I ever disclosed the Name, or any Circumstance relative to that Transaction, further than that after the Death of Mr. Barham I was liable to my Engagements to Mr. Walcot to pay an Annuity to A. of £. 356 a Year. — Had I concealed the Outline of this Fact on this Occasion, and the Extent of the Emolument of which I have been deprived, I should have done Injustice to myself as well as to A. B. because, relying on the original Engagement, he might have complained of Want of Candour in me, that whilst in seeking Exemption for myself, and pointing out the Means of permanent Provision for Mr. Barham, I omitted to apprize the Post Master General of the ultimate Disappointment and Loss to him, which they might have been led to seek Occasion to compensate by some other Mode'of Provision

I am therefore willing to hope that Lord Carteret, when he re-considers nfy Conduct in this Business, will be induced to think that I could not avoid stating it, without doing Injustice to A. B. and eventually to myself, and that I have done it with every possible Guard and Delicacy. — For, as I have said, no Mail who was not privy to the original Transaction yet knows from me who A. B. is. — No Man can think it is or can mean, and you know it does not, relate to any Post Master General, either living or dead; and it has Personally no more to do with Lord than with the King of France.

Suffer me then to hope, that any Impression unkind towards me, which his Lordship may on this Occasion have conceived, will be removed from his Mind, and that I shall have the Honour and Advantage of his Lordship’s Aid in relieving a Man, who actually does a Duty such as mine now is, from the Incumbrances stated in the Paper transmitted to you the 23d of last Month, and that without Loss to any Persons who may otherwise be the Victims of the Legislatures of both Kingdoms without their own Default. — Had the Laws of each Country remained the same, and had not the Means been actually taken out of my Hands, I should have continued to pay these Annuities before I paid for my Seven Children’s Dinner.

An Exemption in my Remittances to Mr. Walcot, for the Use of Mr. Barham, in the Amount of the Emoluments the Legislature has deprived me of, I claim, and consider as an Act of mere Justice, which cannot without Injustice be withheld from me, and in placing Mr. Barham on the Post Office Incidents to that Amount only; thereby rendering that Provision permanent to him, which, whilst it depended on my Life, or Removal, was precarious, although it confers a substantial Benefit on Mr. Barham, conveys (except the Pleasure I shall receive from knowing that a very worthy Man is securely provided for) no Advantage whatever to me, because, as I have repeatedly stated, the Legislature has actually taken away so much from me.

If the Post Master General shall, from the Circumstances

27 Geo. III.*

3° MatL

805

commanded to JReport from Post Office Committee.

stances of my present Situation in this Office, so fully and particularly pointed out in the Statement of it

transmitted to you through Mr. Secretary Orde, be pleased to recommend to the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury an entire Exemption from all future Re* mittances to Mr. IValcott, for the Use of Mr. Barham — exempt Mr. IValcott from further Payments to that Gentleman, and make suitable Provision for Mr. Barham on Incidents, or out of the Revenue accruing to ter, the Receipt for your Salary, desiring me to pay the Post Office from the lately-adopted Mode of cir- the Neat Money of it to Mr.; and now in-

culating Newspapers — then indeed I shall acknow- closed is a Blank Receipt for the next Quarter, which ledge and feel real and solid Obligation. you will sign and return me. — I gave your Wife Yester-

1 have troubled you with a much longer Letter day the Bill you sent me upon Mr. Manley for £. 9. 6, than I intended, written, too, under much Anxiety, finding she had already received the Money by a Ge* lest, from what I have been informed fell from you, neral Order of yours, which makes me wonder at your

you, which I herewith return, and am acquaint you, that it is not possible to enter into all the Disputes and Bargains between you; and therefore, to cut the Matter short, and until your Agreements are concluded, the only Chance for you to keep your Employment, is not to fall in Arrear with this Revenue, nor the Agent at , or any

of the Captains, and to sign and send me, every Quar*

my Conduct should be misunderstood by my Lord Carteret; and that by bringing the Subject again pointedly to your Recollection, I wished that you might again be convinced, that I neither do, nor possibly can, derive any Advantage whatever from their Circulation, whilst English Newspapers are supplied at the present Rates, and in the present Manner, by the London Post Office; and this Fact being impressed upon your Mind, you must also be convinced that, in exempting me merely from the Payment of what the Legislature has taken away, a substantial and permanent Benefit will thereby be conferred on Mr. Barham, and from that Event I shall derive Pleasure, but to me Personally an Act of strict Justice only will be rendered.

I am always very respectfully, Sir,

John Lees.

Anthony Todd,', Esquire,

General Post-Office.

Appendix, N* 3.

COPY of a Letter from Anth. Todd, Esquire, Charles Cox, Esquire, Agent at Harwich.

to

sending it to me for Mr. s immediate Subsistence.

Lord Carteret has received your Letter of the 24th Instant, and I return you the Letter therein from Mr. Molineux.

I am, Sir, 8pf.

Anth. Todd, Seer.

Sard Hutchinson, Esquire,

Helvoetsluys.

Appendix, N*5. A.

The real Motives of Lord s Dismission

from the Post Office are so little known, and the Circumstances which attended it are so peculiar and unprecedented, that he thinks it concerns his Reputation to lay before the Public a detailed Narrative of the whole Transaction. But before he takes that necessary Step, he deems it proper, as a Mark of Respect to His Majesty’s Government, as well as of Attention to those Members of the Administration for whom he has long borne the highest personal Regard, to communicate to Lord Sydney a general State of the Case, with Copies of Letters to which it has given Occasion.

It has not been generally understood in this Country, that Persons entitled by their Rank to fill Departments of high Confidence and Importance in the*

Sir, General Post Office, May nth 1787.

It having been reported here that many Mal-practices are carried on at Helvoetsluys, in regard to the Passes given from thence to England', and that several State would condescend to accept such Offices, subject Persons, both Foreigners and others, well able to pay to the degrading Contingency of being discarded, the whole Passage, have given Money for Half, Free, without Ceremony or Qualification, at the arbitrary and Poor Passes; and also that larger Sums have been Pleasure of any Man, or for the Purposes of every taken for Passes than are allowed by the Post Master occasional Arrangement. A Pretension of this Sort General; and although it is not conceived) under the may have existed in the Minds of Ministers, but the Cheques that have been established, how such iniqui- Principle has never been avowed, nor do the Temper tous Practices can be carried on, yet it is not proper and Spirit of the present Juncture seem to favour its that such Reports should be passed over without being Admission. In the Instance of Lord Tankerville’s most strictly enquired into; — I am therefore to require Dismission, this Claim was, for the first Time, asserted you, in the most serious Manner, to examine into in Terms; it was not, however, very strenuously in this Matter of all the Captains, and any Passengers sisted upon, and specific Grounds were alledged by the you may think proper, or by any other Means in your Minister, to justify the Measure.

Power, and transmit to me the fullest Information you Lord Sydney will naturally be led to conceive, that may be able to procure, both from your own Know- these specific Grounds had some Connection with ledge, and from what you may learn from other Persons, Lord s public Character and Conduct, or to be laid before the Post Master General. ..... .

I am, Sir, fyc*.

Anth. Todd, See7.

To Charles Cox, Esquire,

Harwich.

Appendix, N* 4.

Copy of a Letter from Anth. Todd, Esquire, to Sami Hutchinson, Esquire, Agent at Helvoetsluys.

Sir, General Post Office, Jart 26th 1787. Lord Carteret brought to the Board here last PVed-nesday your Letter to his Lordship of the 10th Instant, with some Inclosures from Mr. Molineux to Vox. 42. '

at least that they were so consistently stated, and accurately ascertained, as to preclude the Possibility of all Doubt and Contradiction. Yet such is the Singularity of this Case, that every public Consideration strongly and distinctly opposed the Measure which has been adopted; and every Circumstance of a private Nature, which arose in the Course of the Transaction, or has been referred to in the annexed Correspondence, is obscured by contradictory Declarations, and involved in the grossest Personal Inconsistencies.

An Application from Lord Carteret to the Minister, complaining of a personal Disagreement with his Colleague, insisting upon a new Arrangement, and holding out a Menace of Resignation, in case of a Refusal, was the professed Cause of Lord Tankerville’s Dismission.

9T A

Report frorii Post Office Committee.

Lord Le Despencer.

806 230 MaiL . 1787.

A Disagreement between Lord Carteret and Lord Tankerville had indeed taken Place; and the Minister well knew from what Source it sprung. The following Detail will enable Lord Sydney to judge of the Decency of Lord Carteret's Application, and of the Propriety of the Measure to which it gave Rise.

When Lord Tankerville had the Honour to be appointed Joint Post Master General, in the great Ministerial Resolution of 1782, he found Lord Carteret in Office; and he left him there, upon the Change of Administration, in the Beginning of the succeeding Year. During this whole Period the most perfect Cordiality had subsisted between the Post Masters General; and they parted with all the Forms of Personal Civility and Regret. In the Course of that Period, Lord Tankerville had indeed observed, and had endeavoured to apply a Remedy to the gross Misma-hagement which has long disgraced the Post Office: And very early in that Period one Transaction of long Standing had been brought to the Notice of Lord Tankerville, which tended to fix some Degree of Reproach upon the Official Conduct of his Colleague; it was nothing less than a Bargain for an Appointment to a Situation of the highest Trust in the Patronage of the Office. But as the Terms of the Stipulation appeared to include the Parties only who were concerned in the Succession, and who are Men of unblemished Character and Honour; and as the Result of the Bargain was evidently in favour of a Person who was known to be connected with the other Joint Post Master General of that Date, Lord though he was sensible of the great Impropriety of the Measure, yet willingly attributed it to a mistaken Compliance, and did not allow himself to entertain any Suspicion of improper Intentions on the Part of Lord Carteret. The Transaction, however, stands recorded in the Minutes of the Office: The Faith of the Department was pledged to the ostensible Terms of the Bargain; and Government has lately been unavoidably burthened with a Payment of £.400 a Year, in order to make it good.

But in a short Time after the last Change of Administration, when Lord Tankerville returned to the Post Office, and Lord Carteret still continued in it, a new and unexpected Light was thrown upon this Transaction, which led to a direct Impeachment of Lord Carteret's Official Integrity.

It appeared that the Agreement, which stands upon the Minutes, and has occasioned a Charge of £.400 a Year upon the Public, was but a Part of the Business; and that the Appointment alluded to was in Fact disposed of for an additional Consideration of a remote Payment of £.500. a Year; of which Annua) Sum, ;35° was to go to the Benefit of a of

Lord Carteret. In the Information which was laid before the Post Master General, the Party who is to receive the Profit of this last Stipulation is no otherwise described than by the Letters " 11." It is but fair

to observe, that, according to the Information, the Annuity is not " personally" for the Benefit of Lord Carteret. Different Surmises were formed upon the Occasion; but Lord Tankerville was led by high Authority to conclude, that the Bond was in favour of a very close Connection of Lord Carteret.

Lord Sydney may be assured, that no private Connection of Lord Carteret would have been introduced into this Narrative, if that Connection had not been permitted to have too much Influence in the Office.

His lordship must perceive to what an Excess of Malversation an Influence of that Kind might be extended. If it is in any Degree to be measured by the Abuses actually subsisting in the Office, and is supposed to be connected with them, it is indeed an Object of the most serious public Consideration.

Enough has been said at least, to give Weight and Importance to general Rumours upon that Topic, and

to account for the suspicious Vigilance which this Discovery excited in Lord Tankei'ville.

It is not meant to go into a Review of the Administration of the Post Office. That Enquiry will call for great Diligence, and no small Degree of Firmness, if ever the Commissioners of Accounts should be permitted to enter upon it. Nor is it necessary now to give a particular Detail even of the Abuses, which may naturally be supposed to flow from improper Interests or Influence, such as the constant Protection afforded to the Person who is the chief Gainer by the actual State of the Office, or indecent and incompetent Appointments to some of the most efficient Situations. It will be sufficient to specify Two Cases only, in which the Influence in Question was clear and indisputable; and which gave Occasion to the personal Misunderstanding between the Post Masters General.

The Cases alluded to are those of a Mr.

and of a Person lately appointed House Keeper to the Office. In the First Instance, the Revenue was to a certain Degree taxed by Surprize; and but for the Inflexible Opposition of Lord Tankerville, sanctioned by the Minister himself, would have been much more considerably burthened, in favour of an inefficient Individual, who is loaded with lucrative Appointments, without rendering the slightest Service to the

_ 7 O O

Public.

In the Second Instance, an Attempt was made to create a new Precedent of Official Expence. The immediate Charge upon the Public rvas not very considerable, but the Case was so totally unexampled in the Office, that Lord Tankerville offered to subscribe Half the Sum, rather than suffer such a Precedent to be established.

The Principle, as Lord Sydney has seen, was important; and the Measure was effectually resisted, for that Time, at least, by Lord Tankerville.

It was upon this Occasion that Lord Carteret forget his ordinary Caution, and lost his usual Command of Temper. The Expressions which escaped him, and still more the Tone and Manner in which they were delivered, produced a formal Remonstrance, in the Course of the same Day, on the Part of Lord kerville.

To this Remonstrance, Lord Tankerville received as conciliatory and condescending an Answer as could be dictated in an Occurrence of that Nature.

Lord Sydney will be surprized to learn that within Two Days from the Date of these peaceful Professions, Lord Carteret waited upon the Minister with the Personal Complaint against Lord Tankei'ville which occasioned his Removal. Still less will his Lordship be prepared to hear, that the Minister was well apprized of every essential Circumstance which has been stated, when he yielded to Lord s Request;

alledging to Lord Tankerville, " that he could not " enter into the Merits of the Question." Least of all would Lord Sydney suspect, that in the Representation of what passed in private Interviews, between Persons of such high Consequence and Situation, the whole Business, is involved in a Degree of Inconsistency and Contradiction, that must fix (without a Sort of Elucidation which the annexed Correspondence has not produced) the most indelicate Personal Imputations upon One or other of the Parties.

However conveniently a Vacancy in the Post Office might be adapted to some late Arrangements, yet Lord Carteret's Application to the Minister could not fail to embarrass him. To be brought forward as the Avenger of a private Quarrel, was a Situation altogether new. To decide the Matter upon the public Merits, would oblige him to choose between a Sacrifice of Character on One Side, and the Resentment of Lord Carteret's Connections on the other. He appeared, in Lord Tankerville’» First Conference upon 9 this

27 Gfio. III. 23"Matt.

this Occurrence, to be fully sensible of the Distress of this Dilemma.

Lord Tankeivillewas so conscious of his own Rec-

titude, and had so much Confidence in that of the Minister, that he placed his Honour in his Hands, and " offered to resign in perfect Good Humour, if he " (the Minister) would pronounce him to have been in the Wrong."

The Minister replied, that he could make no such Declaration, and said, " that nothing could be handsomer than Lord TankerviConduct." He rejected the Idea of making any Change in the Office, and expressed a strong Desire that a Reconciliation might be effected.

Lord Tankerrille was induced by these Circumstances, with the Participation of the Minister, to write to Lord Carteret, in Terms of the greatest Personal Ci-

visity, in Answer to the conciliatory Letter above-mentioned.

In Reply, Lord Carteret declared, " that every " Thing that had passed was, on his Part, buried in " Oblivion. " He added indeed, that he was in Expectation of an Answer to the Application he had made to the Minister. But Lord did not

think himself at Liberty to annex to this latter Declaration a Meaning which w’ould make it incompatible with what immediately preceded in the same Letter. Nor could he conceive that the Minister, in the professed Disposition in which he had left him, and in the extreme Delicacy of the Case, would be inclined to take a farther Step in the Business, without an urgent Renewal of Lord Carteret's Application, supported by the whole Force of his Lordship’s Connections.

Some new Event was necessary, in order to maintain the Credit of the Minister’s Consistency, if he should come to a sudden Resolution respecting Lord Tankerville's Dismission. Accordingly, at the decisive Interview, the Minister informed him, " that he bad " seen Lord Carteret again, and found that they were not likely to go on well together." He gave Lord Tankerville to understand, that his Resolution was taken; and said, " He could not go into the Merits."

Lord Sydney will observe, that in the Course of the annexed Correspondence, Lord Carteret has positively and distinctly asserted, " that he saw the Minister but " Once. Air. Pitt declared, " that he had seen him

such Topics. On the contrary, he wishes it were possible for him to separate the proper Points of public Discussion from so many Circumstances of Personal Imputation; It is enough for him, if in repelling the Indignity of an unprecedented and unqualified Dismission, he shall be able to shew that it was incurred by an inflexible Resolution to acquit himself with Fidelity in his Station, and by a conscientious Regard to the Obligation of his Official Oath.

Appendix, N®5. B.

Lord Tankerville to Lord Carteret.

June 14th, 1786.

My Lord,

I have only to desire, in case Mr. Rose should seem not to recollect the Substance of the Conversation at Brighton, relative to the Comptrollers House, that you will acquaint me of it, as it is my Intention to remind Mr. Pitt of what passed, being determined to stand on clear Ground, and finding it necessary to act with every Caution in the very peculiar Circumstances of the present Moment.

I should not have troubled your Lordship on this Matter, had you not seemed to doubt my Assertions, which made me question you at the Time, on a Mode of Conduct which no Man shall dare to hold towards . me; and I cannot help observing, that there seemed to be something bordering on Personal Disrespect, which I feci much disposed to resent, and desire to have explained.

I have the Honour to be, <§r. &;c.

(Signed) Tankerville.

Lord Carteret to Lord Tankerville.

Curzon Street, June 15th, 1786.

My Lord,

I assure your Lordship, that I did not mean to doubt any Assertions made by you in our Conversation of Yesterday; neither did I intend shewing any Personal Disrespect to your Lordship. I am therefore

" again." So direct a Contradiction may call for some Explanation between the Parties, but it requires no Comment.

In Reality, the whole Transaction is a Series of Contradictions. On the one Hand, Lord Carteret, making the strongest Professions of a Desire for Peace, applies to the Minister, for Vengeance. Repeating these Professions, and even protesting that every Thing was buried in Oblivion, he either renews or persists in his Application. Lastly, in the Midst of the most solemn Declarations, that he had " no hostile Intentions," he leaves the Minister no Alternative, but to accept his Resignation, or to determine upon the Remoral of Lord Tankci'ville.

On the other Hand, the Minister, after exciting the Jealousy of Lord Carteret, by confining almost exclusively his Confidence, and every important Official Communication to his Colleague, is governed by the personal Resentment of the former, in a Business of so much Delicacy as Lord Tankervs Dismission: And, to sum up the Whole, after the mo9t boastful Professions of a Determination to promote Official (Economy and Reform, he in Effect, by his final Preference of Lord Carteret, gives the Sanction of his Authority and

Approbation, in the Gross, to all the Abuses which have been here stated, which were perfectly and specifically known to him, and which he had uniformly condemned in the Detail.

Lord Tankerville has no Satisfaction in reflecting on

Vol. 42.

sorry that you should for a Moment have considered it in that Light. If you please, I will call upon you between One and Two o’CIocfc.

I have the Honour to be, 8$c.

(Signed) Carteret.

Lord Tankerville to Lord Carteret.

Portman Square, June 15th, 1786.

Lord Tankerville presents his Compliments to Lord Carteret, and is extremely sorry he cannot have the Honour of seeing his Lordship at the Time he mentions, being obliged to go out of Town.

Lord Carteret to Lord Tankerville.

Curzon Street, June 17th, 1786.

My Lord,

When I wrote to your Lordship t’other Day, that I would, if you pleased, call upon you, it was my 'Intention to have informed you, that I should desire Mr. Pitt would make an Arrangement for me, which

might in future prevent my giving any Offence to your 'Lordship, even unintentionally.

I am now leaving Town, and am this Moment comte from him, and have requested him to make it for me, either in the Post Office Or elsewhere, as

may

Report from Post Office Committee.

Report from Post Office Committee.

808 Mail 1787,

may best Suit hi* Convenience. Had I seen your Lordship t'other Day, I should not now have troubled you; but I think it fair to give you this Information, as your Lordship may possibly wish to talk to Mr. Pitt upon the Subject.

I have the Honour to be, <Sfc. 8$c.

(Signed) Carteret.

..N. B. The following Letter was written in Conformity with the Wishes of Mr. Pitt, and with

a View to relieve him--- it relates only to Lord

Carteret's Personal Apology, to which Lord Tankeroille had not before returned an Answer.

Lord Tankeroille to Lord Carteret.

WJune 24th, 1786.

My Lord,

I am extremely sorry not to have had an Opportunity of seeing your Lordship before I left Town, as 1 flatter myself you would have been convinced that, so far from retaining any Resentment, after the very handsome Letter 1 received from you, I was anxious to meet you upon Terms of the most perfect Reconciliation; and I shall be very glad to hear that your Lordship feels the same Disposition towards me.

I have the Honour torbe, 8$c. Sgc.

(Signed) 1'ankeroille.

Lord Carteret to Lord Tankeroille.

Haynes, June 29, 1786.

My Lord,

I am extremely glad to find that your Lordship is fully satisfied with my Letter on the 15th Instant, and beg to assure your Lordship, that every thing which passed at that Time is on my Part also buried in Oblivion.

My Request to Mr. Pitt (which I then acquainted your Lordship with) is still before him, and he informed me, that as soon as he shall have made any Arrangement, I should hear from him.

I have the Honour to be, &c. 8$c.

(Signed) Carteret.

" we were not likely to go on well together," a Thing necessary, he said, for the Good of the Public Service.

I must also acquaint yOuf Lordship, that when I-saw Mr. Pitt, after your first Interview, his Language was very different; and when I stated to him the Points upon which we disagreed, I offered to resign in perfect Good Humour, if he would only say‘he thought me wrong. He would give me no such Opinion; but acknowledged, that nothing could be handsomer than my Conduct: He assured me, he did

not wish to make any Change in the Office, and that your Request was very distressing to him.

The more extraordinary your Lordship’s original Application to the Minister was (for it amounted to this, Esther remove Lord Tankeroille, or make another Arrangement for Lord Carteret') the sooner you should, in Candour to me, on our amicable Explanation, have either withdrawn your Request, or confined it to your own Change of Situation, in case your Lordship still wished to quit the Post Office.

Does your Lordship mean to contend, that by adding a Paragraph to your Letter of Reconciliation, making mention that your Request to Mr. Pitt was still before him, that I had Notice of your Lordship’s abiding by your former Opinion, of the Necessity of one of us going out r If you do, I profess I had too good an Opinion of your Sincerity to give to this Paragraph so unfavourable an Interpretation; and I venture to say, that no fair Man whatever would have construed such Paragraph, following the strongest Assurances of Reconciliation, in an adverse Sense.

But if, in positive Contradiction to your Assurances, your Lordship really meant to convey to my Mind that you still harboured the same hostile Intentions towards me, you ought to have been more direct, so direct that I could not have mistaken your Meaning; and yet I begin to suspect, from the Event, that your Lordship was determined even then to bring it to that Issue; and that nt a Time you were declaring to me, that all Differences were " buried in Obitvion, " you were contributing to make the Pro tence of such Differences the Grounds of my Removal.

I have the Honour to be, S;c. 8$c.

(Signed) Tankeroille.

Loid Tankeroille to Lord Carteret.

September 1st, 1786.

My Lord,

Had your Lordship been in Town, to give me an Opportunity of a Personal Explanation, I should have preferred it, for many Reasons, to the Necessity I am now under of writing to you on so disagreeable a Subject

You may easily conceive my Surprize, when I heard from Mr. Pitt, that an Application from your Lordship, stating Differences between the Post Masters General, had given Rise to a new Arrangement, by which I with the greatest Injustice was to lose my Office.

After the Letters which passed, and your Lordship’s Assurances, that every thing was buried in Oblivion, it behoved your Lordship to acquaint Mr. Pitt with that Fact; for, having asserted to him that there were Differences of such Magnitude as to make a new Arrangement necessary, it was incumbent on your Lordship, when those Differences were reconciled by an amicable Explanation, to have communicated it to Mr. Pitt without Loss of Time: And if your Lordship had done so, Mr. Pitt could not have pretended, which he did, upon the Grounds of . what foil horn your Lordship, when he saw you last, " that

Lord Carteret to Lord Tankeroille.

Haynes, September 7th, 1786.

My Lord,

Since my receiving your Lordship’s last Letter, I have read over ray Letter to you of the 29th of June, in Answer to your Lordship’s of the 24th, and I cannot help thinking it informed your Lordship, that I then remained in the same Intention as before, relating to an Arrangement being made for me; for after saying, I am very glad to find your Lordship fully satisfied with my Letter of the 1,5th, and that every thing which had passed at that Time was on my Part also buried in Oblivion, had I meant to give up Thoughts of the Arrangement I certainly should not have added, that my Request to Mr. Pitt (which I had before acquainted your Lordship with) was still before him, and that he had promised I should hear from him when he had made an Arrangement.

As to any hostile Intentions to your Lordship, I declare I had none; I never was with Mr. but once; I immediately informed your Lordship of what had passed with him, that you might take your Measures accordingly; and I am sure that Mr. Pitt will do me the Justice to say, that my Request to him was to put me in a Situation that I might have no further Difference with your Lordship, and that I was ready to take any other

27 Geo. III. 23 Mail 809

other Situation he pleased ,* and from that Day, till a short Time before Lord Clarendon kissed Hands, I did not know whether I was to continue in the Post Office or not. Whatever Difference of Opinion there may have been between your Lordship and me, I have always felt myself incapable of acting otherwise than fairly and openly; and if your Lordship has considered my last Letter in any other Light, I do assure you, when I wrote it I did not think it could bear that Interpretation.

I have the Honour to be, fyc. fyc.

(Signed) Carteret.

Lord Tankerville to Lord Cartet'et.

September 10th, 1786.

My Lord,

I have received your Lordship’s Letter of the 7th; in this vou assure me, that you had " no hostile Intensions*’ towards me in the Request you made to Mr. Pitt; at the same Time your Lordship acknowledges, that you never meant to give up Thoughts of an Arrangement, which, by a Reference to your Letter of the 17th of June, appears to be an Alternative,

" either in the Post Office, or elsewhere." Now, my Lord, whether I am injured or not by this Request, will be decided by the fair and obvious Meaning of the Words, and by your subsequent Conduct; and as there is some Ambiguity in the Words, and Mystery in your Conduct, I am warranted to ask your Lordship, not only what was your Intention in putting the Alternative, but likewise, w bat you conveyed to the Mind of Mr. Pitt, when you saw him on the Business; and as you saw him but once, what any body else did declare, in your Name, during your Absence ?

Had a Clerk in the Office solicited us, when Joint Post Masters General, for an Arrangement, because he and his Colleagues did not agree, we should have understood his Meaning to be, either our Interference to make Peace in the Office, or his Removal to another Department. But how does a Request in this Language apply to the Situation of Post Masters General, who in the Office can have no other Department ? Unless, therefore, I am much mistaken, your Request meant, and could mean nothing else, than the Removal of one of the Post Masters to another Department in the State. Here then I make my Stand, and to this Point I have had no satisfactory Answer.

Your Lordship had a Right to tender your own Office, by requesting an Exchange, but neither directly nor indirectly to bargain for mine.

If by the Word Arrangement you meant the Interference of the Minister to reconcile Differences between the Post Masters General (which indeed is. a forced Construction, and probably was not in your Contemplation) I must say, that such Proposal to a Third Person was both improper and unnecessary; and this brings me again to repeat my Complaints to your Lordship, that you saw Mr. Pitt but once, and that you did not seek an Opportunity to declare to him the Satisfaction you felt at the Reconciliation which had taken Place; and if you did not please to express a Readiness to go on with me in the Office, that you did not at least limit your Request to your own Change of Situation. Something was due to me in Fairness, considering the Ground you had taken, and still abide by, that some Arrangement was necessary for your Sake; and it is now clear beyond a Doubt, both from what has happened, and from Mr. Pitt' Language at my first Interview with him, soon after the Receipt of your Letter, that your Lordship having distressed him by your Request, it was in your Power, had you been willing, to to have relieved him from that Distress, by an Explanation in Time.

Vol. 42.

The not doing it (and I do not find by your Lordship’s last Letter, that you ever meant to do it) has been an essential Injury to me, and tended, to transfer a Quarrel, which began between you and me, to me and another Person.

What therefore is still due to me, I leave to your Lordship’s Consideration.

(Signed) Tankerville.

Lord Carteret to Lord Tankerville.

Haynes, September 15th, 1786.

My Lord,

I from Regard do not omit acknowledging your Lordship’s Letter of the 10th Instant; but considering myself liable to no Accusation, and the Contents principally affecting what may have passed between Mr. Pitt and your Lordship, since my having seen him, I have thought it most becoming to refer them to him, not thinking myself answerable for a Public Measure I was unacquainted with.

I have the Honour to be, #c. <$c.

(Signed) Carteret.

Lord Tankerville to Lord Carteret.

September 17th, 1786.

My Lord,

If the Transaction, for some Explanation of which I have repeatedly applied to your Lordship, could come under the Description of " a Public Measure " you were unacquainted with," you would have been spared the Trouble of the present Correspondence. The Subject of my Complaint is a complicated Personal Injury, very singular in its Kind: And since an extraordinary Step, taken by your Lordship, has been stated to have given Rise to the Transaction, you will, I trust, perceive that your own Honour is not less con-- cerried than mine, in the Explanation I am compelled to require.

Your Lordship makes Profession of Fairness and Openness. Surely nothing can be more fair, than that I should be acquainted with the Detail of what passed between Mr. Pitt and your Lordship on this Occasion; that I should be informed explicitly " what was " your Intention in putting the Alternative of an Arrangement either in the Post Office or elsewhere: " What you conveyed to the Mind of Mr. Pitt, when " you saw him on the Business; and if you saw him " but Once, what any Body else may have declared " to him, in your Name, or with your Knowledge.

It is surely fair that I should be informed upon " what Principle your Lordship suffered your Application for an Arrangement in the Office to remain before Mr. Pitt, or neglected to explain to " him, that your Request extended only to your own " Situation, after your Declaration to me, that what " had passed was on your Part buried in Oblivion."

If your Lordship will do me the Favour to give my last Letter a Second Reading, you cannot avoid seeing, that it refers almost wholly to these Enquiries, and veiy little to " what passed between Mr. Pitt and " me." Your Lordship will, I think, admit that every Branch of these Enquiries must be of some Importance to yourself. With respect to me, you will doubtless perceive, that an unexampled Arrangement, which may affect me so materially in the Eye of the Public, calls for the minutest Investigation on my Part; that an Application from me, for Lights and Information on this Subject, neither can nor ought to be evaded by any Person connected with the Trans-

9 U action;

Report from Post Office Committee.

Report from Post Office Committee.

810 iX Mail. A 1787.

action; and that I have Claims upon your Lordship in particular, for Communications of this Sort, founded on other Grounds than your Lordship’s Condescension, or the Regard you so obligingly profess for roe*

I have the Honour to be, 8$c. 8$c.

(Signed)

Lord Tankeroille to Lord Carteret.

Septembei' 28th, 1786.

My Lord,

I think it highly unfortunate, both for your Lordship and myself, that I have not been able to satisfy you that the Enquiries which have formed the Subject of my late Letters relate to Points that Personally, and in the most delicate Manner, affect your Lordship. You would readily conjecture, and I have distinctly explained to you, how far my own Feelings are engaged in those Questions; they cannot ultimately be evaded. In my Opinion, Character is the First Object in Life; and I will not suffer mine to remain subject to Imputation or to Doubt.

The more important Subjects which at this Moment occupy my Attention, prevent me from dwelling upon Matters of Ceremony, or insisting upon my Right to expect regular Answers to my Letters. I cannot suppose that you intend to offer me a Personal Affront; and your Lordship’s Silence may be differently explained. But whether it is to be interpreted into an Admission of the Inconsistencies, which struck me in your Accounts of this Transaction, or whether you are embarrassed by the Contradiction, in which Mr. Pitt’s Statement of this Business seems to stand with the Representation given of it by your Lordship; it is equally important to me, and I will add, to your Lordship, that this Silence should be broken by some explicit Declaration, which may direct me to the Source of the Injury I have- sustained, and enable me to determine upon the Conduct it may be expedient for me to adopt, without recurring to Measures that must prove, in the highest Degree, distressing to your Lordship. I shall take the Liberty to suggest to you some of the Inconveniences that must result to yourself, from your present Silence.

If Mr. Pitt had thought proper to dispossess me of my Situation by a mere Stretch of Power, it would have given Occasion to a Discussion, in which your Lordship might justly have maintained that you could have no Concern. But since he has condescended to assign the Grounds of this Measure, and has ascribed it to the urgent Application and repeated Representations of your Lordship, you are become a Principal in the Business; and you cannot but foresee that, in consequence of your present Reserve, you will unavoidably be reduced to the serious Dilemma either of contradicting this State of the Case in the Face of the Public, or of reconciling the Fact with your Lordship’s Declaration to me, that " all that had passed " between us was, on your Part, buried in Oblivion."

Your Lordship will at the same Time naturally reflect upon the Prejudice which must necessarily be excited in the Public Mind, by an avowed Reference, on the Part of your Lordship, to Ministerial Authority, and by the Invocation of Ministerial Vengeance, in an Occurrence of so delicate a Kind as a Personal Misunderstanding between Two Individuals.

The Manner in which your Lordship received the Remonstrance, which gave Occasion to this extraordinary Application to a Minister, did not carry with it so vindictive an Appearance.

The Circumstances that led to our Altercation, and those which drew from me that Remonstrance, had 3

doubtless, at the Moment, their due Effect upon your Lordship’s Feelings; and your Lordship is consequently the best Judge of the Impression which a Disclosure of those Circumstances is likely to produce upon the Opinion of the Public.

For my own Part, I cannot look forward, without sincere and sensible Concern, to the Embarrassments in which your Lordship is involving yourself, by compelling me to have Recourse, in the First Instance, to a public Explanation of the whole Transaction. The Injury and the Indignity, which I so strongly resent, are supported by Pretences, that do not deserve to be combated, and can only be exposed. But I call upon your Lordship to bear in Mind, that the Consequences will not be imputable to me; if, in pursuing the only Course which is left open for the Vindication of my Conduct and Character, I should be obliged to bring forward a Variety of Particulars, of a very delicate Nature, and of remote as well as recent Dates, by which your Lordship will be more sensibly affected, than even by the Points to which I have already alluded.

If the Disagreements between your Lordship and me are admitted to be the Cause of my Removal, it is a Duty I owe myself to trace those Disagreements to their Source, without considering what Persons or Connections may be affected by the Enquiry.

I will venture to say, they will be found to have originated from a Determination on my Part to adhere to a conscientious Discharge of my Duty, and to counteract a Species of Influence which is understood to have pervaded the Office before I had the Honour to be connected with it.

Upon the Whole, your Lordship must perceive, that you can derive no Advantages from the most stubborn Silence, that will not be over-balanced by Circumstances of Humiliation, which an honourable Mind cannot easily endure.

You see, my Lord, with what Candour and Openness I have put you in Possession of my Sentiments and Determinations; and I am not without Hope that your Lordship will feel the Propriety of being equally communicative with respect to the Subject of my Enquiries.

I have the Honour to be, <§c. $c.

(Signed) Tankeroille.

Lord Carteret to Lord Tankeroille.

Albury Hall, September 29th, 1786.

My Lord,

Though I feel myself extremely desirous of giving your Lordship every Light you could wish on the Subject you have written to me upon, yet I find it impossible to explain my Conversation with Mr. Pitt in a fuller Manner than I have already done, in my First Letter to your Lordship, on the Day that I had the Honour of seeing him. And as your Lordship, in your Answer to that, was pleased to say, that you were fully satisfied, I must confess I did not expect, at so great a Distance of Time, to have heard further on the Subject, in consequence of your last Interview with Mr. Pitt, the Substance of which, being unacquainted with, the Decision cannot be imputed to me. I have only to repeat my Assurances, that no Personal Disregard was meant to your Lordship, and that

I have the Honour to be, 8$c. 8fc.

(Signed) Carteret.

Lord Tankeroille to Lord Carteret.

My Lord, October 5th, 1786.

If your Lordship had favoured me with an earlier Acknowledgment of my Letter of the 17th' of last

Month,

2^ Geo'. III. 13°

Month, if would, in On6 Particular, have abridged the very long Letter with Which 1 troubled your Lordship some Days since. I cannot, nay. Lord, conceal my Surprize, that you should attempt'to torture my. conciliatory Letter of the 24th' of into an Approbation of the Step you had taken, in preferring a Complaint against me to the Minister, in a Matter purely Personal. Mr. Pitt, I am persuaded, bears in Mind with what little Reserve or Respect I treated that Proceeding, when I learned from him that your Lordship had not produced against me the slightest Charge of Official Misconduct, but that your Complaint turned wholly upon Personalities, on the Subject of which you had not scrupled to make ample private Explanations.

At the same Time as Mr. Pitt declared himself distressed by your Application for an Arrangement in the Office, and as he expressed his Wishes, that no Change might take Place, but that we might go on well together, I immediately determined to write a conciliatory Letter to your Lordship I acquainted Mr. Pitt with my Intention, and on the following Day, the 24th of June, I sent your'Lofttehip the Letter, the Purport of which is so entirely perverted and misrepresented in that which I last received from you. The Letter in Question was intended as an Answer to the very handsome Letter I had received from your Lordship before I left Town, and by no Means to the very offensive one, dated Two Days later, to which I studiously forebore to allude; it was intended to express my general Wish for a Reconciliation, and my perfect Satisfaction with your explanatory Letter of the 15th June, and by no Means to convey an Approbation

of a Proceeding which must'ever imptress my'Mind with Sentiments of a very different Nature.

An accurate Deduction of Facts and Dates may perhaps obviate all future Misapprehensions or Misrepresentations; and whatever Contradictions such a Detail may tend to expose, whether in the same Persons or between different Persons, it will at least shew that ray Conduct in this Transaction has been clear and consistent

The Personal Dispute took Place on the 14th of June, and my expostulatory Letter to your Lordship bore the same Date.

On the 15th you wrote to me, in the most explicit Terms, disclaiming all Intention of Personal Disrespect, and expressing much Concern that I should have considered what had passed as having that Tendency. You added, that if ’I pleased, you wduld call upon me.

The Manner in which this Proposal was introduced, led me to conclude that you only wished to confirm in Person what yon had declared in your Letter; and as I did not wish for any farther Apology, and was then going out of Town, I wrote Word, that I could not have the Honour to see you that Morning.

On the 17th, however, yon thought proper to write me another Letter, which assigns a different Object to that proposed Visit; and informs me, that if you had 6een me, it was your Intention to impart to me your Resolution of applying to Mr. Pitt, to make an Arrangement for you in the Post Office, or elsewhere.

On the 23d, I waited upon Mr. Pitt. I have already stated to you the material Part of what passed in that Interview; and I’ have accounted for my Letter of Recdnciliation, which you are pleased to consider as an Acknowledgment of full Satisfaction on my Part, upon the Subject of your Complaint to Mr. Pitt, when in Truth, by the strongest internal Evidence, it clearly and solely refers to your Apology of the 15th.

But to confute this Pretence, by a Testimony which yon will hardly1 conttovert, in your Letter of the 29th you admit the very Point which you now think V o l. 42.

Muii. 811

proper tq deny* You expressly, say; " You are extremely glad to find that I am wily satisfied with " your Letter of the 15th Instant," without conceiving it to refer to your Letter of the 17th.

Your Lordship will no longpr I believe contend, " that I am now; at so great a'Distance of Time, renewing " a Dispute upon a Subject, respecting which I bad " been pleased to declare myself fully satisfied," or that I ever answered, or even, alluded to, the First Letter you wrote to me on the Business of your Interview with Mr. Pitt, until the Contradictions which arose in the subsequent Stages of the Business, obliged me ta bling the whole Matter to a Point.

I have entered with this minute Detail into the Solution of an imputed Inconsistency in my, own Conduct (although in an Instance of no real Importance, and although the Imputation brought in your last Letter is contradicted in a preceding one) in order- to furnish an Example of that fair, open, and satisfactory Mode of Proceeding, which I have in vain expected-from your Lordship.

The long. Letter with which I have very lately troubled your Lordship, makes it unnecessary to pursue this Deduction any farther at present. That Letter will convince you that my Dissatisfaction does not arise from any supposed Violation of Politeness or Respect, to which your Lordship seems to restrain it; but that the Explanations I require refer to Points, which, ia my Opinion, are intimately connected both with Situation and Character. It will ako shew you, that my Enquiries are not confined to the Objects of One Interview, and of One Conversation, you may have had with Mr. Pitt, but that a considerable Part of my Difficulty arises from the Suppression of what has passed in subsequent Conversations, and at subsequent Interviews, if not between Mr. Pitt and your Lordship, at least between Mr. Pitt and some other Person representing you.

I have the Honour to be, 8$c- 8$c.

(Signed)

Lord Carteret to Lord Tankprville.

London, October 5th, 1786.

My Lord,

You will, before this Time, have received my Letter of the 29th, in which I have told your lordship, that it is my Desire to give you every Light in my Power upon the Subject of our Correspondence. I could do no more than repeat what I have already said passed between Mr. Pitt and me, at the Time I acquainted you with it. Your Lordship, I find, expects a public Explanation from me. Whenever I shall be called upon for it, I shall be able to shew, under Mr. Pitt's Hand, that I have had no further Share in this Business than making a Request to him for an Arrangement that would prevent any further Difference of Opinion between your Lordship and me: and that in case he should find that impracticable, I was ready to resign my present Employment.

I cannot think myself inconsistent in not acquainting Mr. Pitt, that every Thing that had passed was buried in Oblivion, because, at the same Time I made that Declaration, I told your Lordship that I was in Expectation of an Arrangement taking Place.

If your Lordship should not hear from me again upon this Subject, unless you think proper to bring it before the Public, I most beg the Favour of you not to impute my Silence to Disrespect, but to its true Motive, which, is; that of having given every Information to your Lordship that has come to my Knowledge. j have the Honour to be, 8$c. 8$c.

(Signed)' .

Lord

Report from Post Office Committee.

8is 23° Mail, A. 17^7*

Hcport from

l*o*t Office Lord Tankervi to Mr. Pitt.

Committee.

Brighton, October 10th, 1786.

Sir,

It is peculiarly painful to me to be reduced to the Necessity of drawing your Attention to a Continuation of a very tedious Correspondence between Lord and me, at a Juncture when your Mind must be deeply affected by a domestic Affliction, in which, I can assure you, that I take a very sensible Share.

I have already intimated to you, that it is my fixed Determination not to submit in Silence to a Treatment that has no Precedent, and which was certainly not incurred by any Provocation, except what may have arisen from an inflexible Resolution on my Part to discharge conscientiously the Duties of my Office.

But, Sir, while I renew this Declaration to you, I persuade myself, you will easily believe that I should not have thought of recurring to you in a Matter of private Dispute with Lord Carteret, if his Lordship had not, in a late Instance, transmitted to you some Letters of mine, of a very delicate Nature and Tendency, upon the same Principle, no Doubt, though not exactly in the same Circumstances, as, at the Opening of this Business, he implored the Interference of your Ministerial Power, in an Occurrence equally Personal.

After this Reference, however, on the Part of his Lordship, I think it absolutely incumbent upon me to submit to you the remaining Part of this Correspondence, that you may not be led to form a conclusive Judgment upon a partial View of the Subject; and that you may see how pointedly Lord Carteret's Representation of his Application to you, contradicts the Accounts of that Measure which I have received from your Mouth.

His Lordship is indeed engaged in a Labyrinth of Contradictions, from which I fear it will not be even in your Power to relieve him.

How for you may be engaged to extricate him, it may not become me to esquire; but I confess, the Delicacy of my particular Situation leads me to expect, that you will not be disinclined to throw some Light upon the Subject.

I have the Honour to be, 8$c.

(Signed) Tankerville.

Lord Tankerville to Mr. Pitt.

October 29th, 1786.

Sir,

The Example of Lord Carteret would not have determined me to trouble you with any Part of a Correspondence that turns, in a great Degree, upon Personal Points, if Motives of Delicacy towards you, and of Justice to myself, had not compelled me to it The Consideration of a direct Contradiction between Persons in eminent Station, and of such high Consequence, affected me sensibly: And I should not have felt myself justified in bringing before the Public a Circumstance of so serious a Stamp, even in the Progress of my own Vindication, without affording you, as well as his Lordship, an Opportunity of accounting for the material Differences which occur in your Statements of the same Transaction. Actuated by these Sentiments, I flattered myself that the Communication I lately made to you would be honoured with seme Notice. And I was confirmed in this Expectation, when I understood that Lord Carteret's Application to you respecting the former Part of the Correspondence had seemed to interest you in the Question, and induced you to give him some Satisfaction upon the Subject Without contesting, at present, his Lordship's Pre-

tensions to superior Political Merits or Importance, I may undoubtedly plead some Claim to the ordinary and established Forms of Attention.

Having said this, Sir, I beg Leave to repeat, that it is the Circumstance of extreme Delicacy affecting yourself, which makes me principally anxious to hear from you on this Occasion.

I have the Honour to be, 8$c. &$c.

(Signed)

Mr. Pitt to Lord Tankerville.

Holhooood, November 18th, 1786.

My Lord,

I am sonw that my having been so much at a Distance from Town, added to other Engagements, has so long prevented my answering your Lordship’s Letters. I must, however, beg to decline entering into any Discussion on the Subject to which they relate, as, after the Explanation which passed when I had the Honour of seeing your Lordship, I can have nothing to add, unless there should be any particular Point misunderstood between your Lordship and Lord Carteret, which it may be in my Power to clear up.

I have the Honour to be, <§*c. 8gc.

(Signed) IV. Pitt.

Lord Tankerville to Mr. Pitt.

November 27th, 1786.

Sir,

After the very considerable Space of Time during which my Letters have been before you, it is with no small Degree of Disappointment and Surprize I perceive your Determination to decline entering into any Discussion on the Subject to which they relate. My principal Object in attempting to renew that Discussion, was, that the Charge I am preparing to maintain in the Face of the Public might be mixed as little as possible with any Matter of private or personal Imputation.

My Astonishment, I confess, was great, when the most material Part of the Declaration you made to me at our last Meeting, and that which was intended to account for your final Resolution with respect to my Dismission, and for the sudden Variation in your Sentiments upon that Point, was directly and peremptorily contradicted by Lord Carteret. I felt myself called upon, by the Claims of past Connection, and by my Respect for His Majesty’s Government, to represent to both Parties the full Force of the Contradiction, and I still feel all the Delicacy of the Circumstance. The Subject must be publicly, if not privately, discussed: And your Unwillingness to enter upon the Consideration of it, leaves me at Liberty to form my own Conclusions.

Your present Anxiety is confined to the Situation of Lord Carteret; And in Truth, Sir, his Lordship is in Want of your Assistance; for, in the Course of this Business, he is not more in Contradiction with you than with himself. The entire State of the Case, as far as his Lordship is interested, is comprehended in the Correspondence of which I had lately the Honour to inclose Copies to yon, and in that which I shall transmit to you in a few Days.

For myself, Sir, I shall beg Leave to lay before you my Sentiments upon the Whole of this Transaction, with an Openness of which you have had constant Experience in the Course of our Official Communications.

With whatever Submission a certain Part of the Nobility of this Country may chuse to acknowledge the general Pretensions of a’Minister to displace Persons of high Rank, however attached to Government,

at

e

27 Geo. III.

23° Mali.

8i3

at his own arbitrary Discretion, I am ready to defend But with respect to our Personal Differences, I have Report front very different Maxims: And I am confident I should given you every Opportunity of explaining yourself. Post find myself supported by the Spirit and Temper of And I have done every thing that depended upon me Coram, tlee* the present Moment, as well as by the Examples- of all to afford you a Choice of the various Modes of private former Periods. But, in the present Instance, I stand Exculpation.

upon particular Merits, and shall make my Appeal to Your Lordship seems to derive a momentary Ex-the Public upon the Circumstances of the Case. I ultation from the Letter you have received from Mr. shall not be obliged to recur to general Principles, Pitt, yet, as far as you have made me acquainted with which some Persons might be inclined to contest; nor the Contents of that Letter, it supplies you with little to assert the general Merits of my own Services; nor Occasion of Triumph. It is certainly not calculated to discuss the Propriety of the precise Arrangement to to reconcile the Contradictions I have stated; nor can which my Removal was made subservient If a Dis- it change the . original Ground of our Disagreement, or agreement with my Colleague is to be understood to the Merits of the Questions that have arisen between have given Occasion to my Removal, I will publish to us. It can serve no Purpose of your Defence, if it the World the distinct Causes -of that Disagreement only certifies the Reality of a Proceeding which you The general Mismanagement which has long disgraced have long, and, as it now appears, prudently been un> the Post Office is notorious; but the particular Abuses willing to avow. But if, in Truth, it contains any which prevail in that Office cannot be so universally Thing that can operate in your Favour, your Lord-understood. ship should make the Communication complete. The

To you, however, they had been distinctly deve- Manner in which that Letter was produced, and your loped: And it was not more in conformity with my own Professions of fair and open Conduct, give me a own Principles, than in Compliance with your Wishes Claim to the Inspection of it

and our common Professions, that I Uniformly opposed By what you have suffered to escape of its Contents, them. You well knew that this determined Opposi- I ain at length given to understand, in contradiction (ion on my Part was the sole Cause of my Disagree- to every Tiling you have said on this Subject that in ment with Lord Carteret. your Application to Mr. , you made my Removal

It may, perhaps, appear to the Public, that the the Condition of your Continuance in Office. You Harmony of an Office would be too dearly purchased have been long in Possession of my Sentiments upon a by the Sacrifice Of Principles and Professions. Allow Proceeding of such a Complexion, in an Occurrence

of Personal Dispute, and particularly under the Circumstances of the present Case.

I know not how to add Terms of Aggravation to what has been anticipated upon this Head, without departing from the Decorum T have prescribed to myself. Yet when your Lordship maintains that there is no Inconsistency in persevering in so pitiable a Measure, at the very Moment you were making Profession of an absolute Oblivion of what had passed, I- confess it is with some Difficulty I restrain my Indignation.

You will in vain look for Shelter in (be equivocal and confused Declaration which accompanied those Professions. In the Letter now before me you intimate, what I have long suspected, that you were even then

me, however, to repeat my sincere Wishes, that, in making this Appeal, I may, as much as possible, be spared the painful Necessity of blending Imputations of Personal Contradictions with the weighty Charges of Public Injustice, and a detailed Series of Official Misconduct.

I have the Honour to be, 8$c. 8$c.

(Signed)

Lord Tankerville to Lord Carteret.

My Lord,

November 30th, 1786.

A particular Motive has induced me for some Time assured of the safe Gratification of an implacable, but past to suspend our Correspondence. The unsadsfac- accommodating Resentment

tory Result of the various Applications I have made to you, would indeed have determined me to desist from all farther private Communication with your Lordship, if some Matters suggested, and others omitted,

In such Circumstances it might be natural enough for your Lordship to talk of an Oblivion of the past, and to disclaim " all hostile Intentions," while you were pursuing the most hostile Measures. It may be

in your last Letter, had not made it necessary for me equally natural for those, who at once supported and to trouble you once more with my Sentiments at some condemned the whole System of your. Conduct, "and Length. who, perhaps, invited the alarming Threat of a Resig-

You are pleased to say, " That you are desirous to nation that could not in common Prudence be carried give me every Light in your Power upon the Subject into Effect, to wish anxiously for the same Oblivion of '* of our Correspondence," at the same Time that you the past.

With respect to myself, I shall, from this Moment, yield to your Lordship’s Wishes, in one Instance at least, and put an End to all private Correspondence. But your Lordship must perceive, that the Circum-

studiously avoid taking Notice of some very material Objects of my Enquiries. The Information you have furnished is confined to what passed at one Interview only, and in one Conversation with Mr. Pitt: Yet you cannot be ignorant upon what Grounds I have re- stances of the Case and your own Conduct compel me peatedly called upon you for an Avowal of what passed to involve you in the Whole of my public Justification; at subsequent Interviews, whether between Mr. Pitt and that I am driven to the Necessity of making many and you, or between Mr. Pitt and any other Person painful Disclosures, which I would willingly have on your Part. spared you, and the Effect of winch you in vain flatter

You cannot, I think, have overlooked my Repre- yourself that it will be in your Power to resist The sentations of the flat Contradictions between Mr. Pitt Causes of my Removal shall be made as public as the and you, which I have frequently, but in vain, required Injury. And however gratified your Lordship, or

your Lordship to reconcile or explain. those in concert , with you, may at present feel by the

You insinuate that it has been my Object to bring Success of your Measures, I will take upon me to

our Dispute to a public Explanation. foretell that the Triumph will soon be at an End. — I

I take upon me to assert, that the whole Tenor of have been removed; others will be disgraced, my Correspondence has had a contrary Tendency, as I have the honour to be, <§'c. 8$c.

far as it was possible to separate what is Personal in (Signed) Tankerville.

this Business from what is in itself of a public Nature, _ .

Grossly injured in the Face of the Public, I undoubtedly look forward to a Public Satisfaction.

Vol. 42„ g X Lord

8*4

23° Mali. A. 1787.

Jteport from Post Office Committee.

Lord Carteret to Lord

4

Haynes, December totfa* 1786.

My Lord,

I take the Liberty of troubling your Lordship once more with an Answer to a Question you think very material. Whether any of my Friends, after my Interview with Mr. Pitt, applied to hh» in my Favour ? I can assure your Lordship, that I never heard that any Ohe of them did; and since I last wrote to your Lordship, Mr. Pitt and my Brother have declared to me, that nothing has ever passed between them upon the Subject of the late Arrangement. When your Lordship shall think proper to bring this Matter before the Public, I flatter myself that my Conduct will be unimpeached.

I have the Honour to be, tige. 8$c.

(Signed) Carteret.

Lord Tankerville to Lord Carteret

December aist, 1786.

My Lord,

If your Lordship had thought proper to favour me it an earlier Period with the Answer I have lately received from you to a very material Question, it would in some Degree have abridged a very long, and, to me at least, a very painful Correspondence.

Your Lordship must now perceive, that the Contradiction in which your Account of the late Transaction stands with Mr. Pitt's is placed in a Point of View that will admit of no farther Light but from yourselves.

I very sincerely, my Lord, wish you to believe, that t should not easily be induced to bring any Matter before the Public that could impeach your Lordship’s Conduct, if there were any other Method of vindicating my own.

I have the Honour to be, %c. <§t.

(Signed) Tankeroille.

Appendix, N* 6.

STATEMENT of Neglects, Abuses, and Frauds, in the Management of die Packet Boats at Pabnoath; with Propositions far the Remedy

far the future.

General Poet Oftce.

My Lord,

I beg Leave, ki Obedience to your Lordship’s Commands, to state the Salary and Perquisites to Mr. Pender, as Agent to the Packet Boats, and Post Master of Fatmouth, which are as follows;

Salary as Agent -Allowance for his Clerk - -

Perquisite of 4 s.a Head upon Passengers in die Packet Boats to and from Falmouth, for the Year ended the 5th of April 1785, was -Salary as Post Master

Perquisite of 2*. 6d. trpoh each Express, may be between 5 and £.10, but say -

An House allowed to the Agent by the Lord of the Manor of Falmouth; it has been let for £. 15 a Year, is very much out of Repair, and the Tenant going out, and ought not to be valued at more than -

60 16 — 40 — —

lo

10 -

Total - £.390 16 —

Mr. Belt paid as under; and I do not apprehend Mr. Pender can have proper Assistance for less, if he can at the same Rate.

To his Clerk as Agent £30 ——

To the Person who assists as

Post Master - - - - to ——

To which most be added the Allowance to be made to Mr. Belts Widow, of per Amt. - - - - 100 ——

Makes to be deducted from his Salary said Perquisites ----- 140* — -

Which leaves to Mr. Pender, per Arm. £. 250 16 —

And I know of no other Emolument whatever to be received by Mr. Pender; but the late Agent, Mr. Bell, had, in Addition, from most of the Captains, the Wages of one Man, who I am afraid was generally mustered short, which upon 22 Packet Boats, at £14. 6 a Year, is ---- £314 12 —

And I find they each gave him Five

Guineas a Year besides, which is - 115 10 —

Making together, upon 22 Packets - 430 2 —

Which, added to the Salary, and other

Perquisites, as stated before, of - £-390 16 —

Makes - .---£, 820 18 —

From which deduct the Salary he paid to his Clerk, of £.30, and 10 to the Person who assisted in the Business as Post Master, together - - £.40 — —

Leaves - - £. 780 18 —

Which I think must have been nearly Mr. Bell's Income in Money per Annum; for though I believe some of the Captains did not allow the Wages, and muster a Man short, yet they gave him pretty nearly the Amount in Money, and during the War there were sometimes more than Twenty-two Packets.

The mustering a Man short of the Complement on Board each Packet, and the Agent receiving the Wages, and the Captains generally saving the Victualling (unless they might carry some little Boy in lieu) which appears to have been always a clandestine Transaction, I presume your Lordship and Lord Carteret cannot suffer to be continued; the Perquisite of £. 5. 5 a Year from each Captain to the Agent, which seems first to have been given for the Trouble of paying the Sailors Wives or Families Half Pay when the Ships are at Sea, keeping their Accounts, tyC. existed so far back as the Time of Mr. Banfield; towards the latter Part of Mr. George Belfs Agency (the Father of the late Agent) it was increased to Ten Guineas a Year, and was again reduced to Five on the late Agent’s receiving also the Wages of one Seaman, or to the Amount, from each Packet; bnt I do not think the Captains will of themselves be inclined to pay to the present Agent £. .5. 5 a Year each, for the Purpose of paying their Half Pay, keeping their Accounts, without an Expectation of Indul-

gences from him: But if your Lordships should think this a proper Perquisite to be continued, it ought to be by Directions of the Board, that the Agent might demand it as a Matter of Right, and not as an Indulgence, of the Captains; and they ought at the same Time to be forbid to give, and he to receive, any further pecuniary Gratuity whatever. It would be a Matter of little Consequence to the Captains, who must be obliged to employ Somebody to pay the Half Pay, and it would be a very considerable Increase to the Agent’s Income of £.250. 16 a Year, which I most humbly beg Leave to submit to your Lordship’s Con-ii, sideration,

27 Geo. III. it? Matt. ' 815

sideration, whether it may not be too small for a Place, though of not very much Labour, yet is of great Consequence; all the Packets at,

which are an Expence to Government of about £. 46,000 a Year, being in a great Manner under his Management, and which I am afraid have for some Time been conducted in a very shameful Manner, and that many of them have been more Trading Vessels than Packet Boats, and attended more to the taking io and delivering out of Goods, and sailing for the Accommodation of Passengers, to the Emolument of the Captains, than tire quick and expeditious Com veyance of the Mails. To put this Service, which has been disgraced principally by Smuggling, and from which the other Evils in a great Measure have arisen, upon a more respectable Footing for the future,

X beg Leave, in the first Place, to submit to your Lordships Consideration an Hint given me by a Gentleman at Falmouth, which, though very simple, will in my Opinion put it in the Power of the Captains, if they are inclined, entirely to put a Stop to Smuggling in the Packets.

Order an Iron Grating to the Hatchway into the Hold of each Packet, to be locked down, and the Key kept by the Captain only, by this Means none of the Officers or Seamen could have Access thereto without his Permission; and whenever there may be Occasion for its being opened, it can be no Hardship for him to attend, and see that no Goods are either taken down or brought up; the Cabins, Cupboards, &;(f. with which many of the Packets are at present crouded between Decks, and are used by the common Seamen, should be taken awuy, and the whole made perfectly clear, the same as in a Man of War; and the Boxes of the Seamen, some of whom have more than one, and are very large, should be reduced to a Size proper to contain the Apparel of a Sailor; this I apprehend would have the desired Effect, if the Captains attend, and wish to put a Stop to it; but if the Accusations are true, which are iu general Terms made against the Packets, of their remaining near the Shore for a considerable Time, both in going out and coming in, for the Purpose of taking on Board, and sending on Shore, Goods, by Boats and other Vessels, it is impossible to suppose but that many of the Captains themselves must be concerned, either directly or indirectly, in this illicit Business.

It has, I apprehend, been a Practice to carry in the Packets to and from Falmouth many Persons under the Denomination of the Captain’s particular Friends, and by tins Means evade the Payment of jT. 4 an Head, the King's Passage Money, and thereby injuring the Revenue: Thu Circumstance I might not have known, had it not been for the Arrival of the Haitifa.r, Captain Boulderson, while I was at Falmouth,

whom I asked, on his bringing the Mail to - the Agent’s Office, if be had any Passengers? to which he answered, No; but on my going directly on Board to muster the Crew, I found Mrs. Antill and Two Children, Miss Colden, and another Lady, and Gentleman,: with their Servants; on speaking to Captain Boulderson on the Subject, he said they were all his particular Friends, and it bad been usual for the Captains to carry their particular Friends without paying the Kings Passage Money.

However, I should suppose your Lordships will not think it right this Practice should be continued, and leave it in the Power of the Captains to diminish the Revenue by remitting the Passage Money to whom they may think fit, but give Directions that no Persons should be taken to or from Falmouth but such as pay the King's Passage Money, and distressed Subjects Home, having proper Passes for the Purpose; and I also presume that the Practice of the Agent’s giving Free Passes to Persons going out in the Packet Boats should be discontinued, as I apprehend the Revenue Vo l.42.

has been abused by that Means, not only in avoiding the Payment of the Passage Money, but also by being a Charge for Victualling.

In the late Agent’s Time, I find that the Crews of the Packets were almost never mustered by himself, but only by his Clerk; and that not immediately upon the Sailing and Arrival of the Packets, but generally soma Days before the Time the Mails ought to arrive at Falmouth, and Word was first sent to the Captain that the Crew should be mustered on such a Day; and no muster was ever taken on their Return Home, but the Captains only asked if their Crews were the same they sailed with; so that the Complement carried on Board the Packets seemed to have been much left to the Captains, and it is pretty certain they did not always carry their proper N umber of Hands; and in some of the Boats which came Home while I was at Falmouth there were several very small Boys,

The Merchants of London have often complained that the Captains of the Packets have not taken every Opportunity they might of sailing, and I have beurd the same Observations, though in general Terms, made at Falmouth, with how much Justness I will not take upon me absolutely to determine; but as these Packets are frequently detained for many Days, and the Detention of those on the other Stations are comparatively very small indeed, I should imagine that the Complaints are either well founded, or that Falmouth is not the most convenient Harbour to sail from; indeed it is said (though I myself doubt it) that at Low Water some of the largest cannot get over the Bar, and on that Account may lose Opportunities of sailing when the Wind is fair; hut this might be remedied by their going out into the Road with the Tide at least a Day before their respective Mails ought to arrive from London, and there remain with the full Complement of Hands on Board till their sailing; and the Officers and Seamen being obliged to be on Board, would be the strongest Inducement not to lose any Opportunity, and I apprehend they might lie in the Road with the greatest Safety, and get to Sea, and make their Passage in moderate Weather with almost any Wind; but in this Case it would be right that Moorings should be laid down in the Road, and perhaps it would be right also that the Agent should be allowed a Boat to carry off the Mails to be manned, without any additional Expence to Government, from the Packets winch remain in Harbour.

I also humbly beg Leave to observe to your Lordship, that in my Opinion there are more Packets than are necessary to carry on the present Service at by Three if not Four; and that unless a regular Establishment of Packets is intended to Quebec and Halifax,

- the present Number of 22 may be reduced to 19, if not to 18, which will be a Saving to the Revenue of £. 6,000 or 8,000 a Year.

The present Packets are of very different Tonnage, some of them not exceeding 150 or 160, and others upwards of 390 Tons, but they are all navigated wiffi. the same Number of Hands; which may be foe properest Size for a Packet Roaf is a Dispute amongst Seamen, but I should presume there can be no Difficulty in determining that, if 30 Mpn is sufficient for a Vessel of 300 Tons, they must be considerably more than necessary for a Vessel of 150 or 160 only; and your Lordship and my Lord Carteret will be of Opinion that this Matter ought to be put upon a more consistent Footing, and perhaps the Crews of some of the Packets ought to be reduced, and probably One or Two of the largest ought to have some additional Hands; and the properest Way might be, to allow One Man to so many Tons "throughout the Service.

The Pension Fund seems to havq been most shamefully abused, both by being granted to improper

Objects,

Report from

Post Office Committee*

8k5 230 Mali. -A- 1787.

Report from Objects, by the Names of Persons being continued upon Post Office the List after they were dead, and also the Names ot Committee. some persous being upon the List who never had received Pensions, and this Money must have been pocketed by the late Agent; rf it was judiciously and uprightly administered, it might be a good and proper Charity; but I am far from thinking it is of the least Use in answering the F.nd of its Establishment, the procuring real good and able Seamen for the Service at all Times, on reasonable Wages; for whoever knows the Character Of an English Sailor, must, I think, be satisfied that he will not, for the Expectation of Four or Five Pounds a Year when worn out, be induced to serve Twenty or Thirty Years of the Prime of his Life for Wages of Two or Three Shillings a Month below the common Price.

I further beg Leave to observe to your Lordship, that I apprehend the Warlike Stores of the Packets belonging to Government should either be collected into one Magazine, under the Care of the Agent, or that they should be in the Charge of the Captains of the respective Packets, an Inventory taken thereof, and Directions given that they should be kept in proper Order; which I think might be done by the Sailors of each jacket when at , or else they

ought to be sold; but I am afraid a great Part are already either lost or spoilt; and I know that the late Agent sold Twelve long Six Pounders, before the Conclusion of the War, which were sent to Falmouth for the Use of The Speedy, as well as some belonging to private Owners, and never appears to have accounted for the Money for either.

The Practice of the Captains in general discharging the greatest Part of the Crew on their Arrival at Falmouth, and neither paying them Wages nor Victualling while in Harbour, thougii both are allowed from Government, ought to be put a Stop to, as it compels the Seamen to take to the Practice of Smuggling to get a Livelihood for themselves and Families.

I do not know that I have any further Remarks to make at present, except on the frequency of the Captains staying on Shore, which the Sailing Prints sent from Falmouth will sufficiently testify; and if they are themselves so innocent of the Charge of Smuggling as they pretend, it must be carried on in their Absence, and therefore it is the more necessary they should attend their Duty in Person, and that ample Authority for this and every other Purpose should be given to the present Agent, who, with the fullest he dan receive from the Board, will have but a troublesome Task in putting the Service upon a proper Footing, as it has for such a Length of Time been in so very relaxed a State; and perhaps nothing would tend more to effect it, than either putting an End to what is called the Committee of Captains to determine Disputes amongst themselves and Officers, or else ordering the Agent to be Chairman of that Committee, and make Minutes of all their Proceedings, to be sent to the Board; for though in the present State it may prevent your Lordships being troubled with some frivolous Circumstances, it is also a Means of keeping from your Knowledge many Things you ought to be acquainted with.

1 have the Honour to be,

My Lord,

TheS Todd.

Appendix, N* 7.

INSTRUCTIONS for the Agent for managing and directing the Packet Boats employed between Falmouth and Lisbon, the West Indies, and America.

You are to take Care that the several Packet Boats employed between Falmouth, Lisbon, the West India

Islands, and the Continent of Xor/h America, have constantly their fulf Complement of Men, according to their Establishment; and likewise, that all the Vessels in our Service be British-built, and navigated with British Seamen, pursuant to Act of Parliament; as also, that such Vessels be, at the Owners Charge, well and duly careened, and kept clean and fit for the Service, provided and furnished with good, sufficient, and substantial Ground Tackle, standing and running Rigging, Shrouds, Cables; Anchors, and all other Materials fit and convenient; and upon any Neglect or Failure you are from Time to Time to give us Notice thereof.

You are to keep an exact Journal, wherein you are to enter the Time of your receiving and delivering the Moils and Expresses, how the Wind and Tide serve at the Time, as also the Time of the Sailing and Arrival of each Boat; and to inform us if any Commander should refuse or neglect to put to Sea the First Opportunity after the Dispatches have been delivered to them, and if any Vessel whatever has sailed before them whilst he had the Mails on Board.

You are not to make, or suffer to be made, any private Collection of Letters, but if any Letters, or Packets of Letters, come to your Hands or Power, or to the Hands or Custody of any of the Officers or Sailors of any of the Packet Boats, or to the Hands of any Passenger on Board, other than what may or shall be in His Majesty’s Mails or Packets, you are to use your utmost Diligence in the Discovery thereof, that the Postage may be secured to this Revenue.

Besides the foregoing General Instructions, you are distinctly to attend to the following;

And in the First Place, as the Service has been shamefully disgraced by Smuggling, which the Captains pretend they cannot prevent the Seamen from practising — in order effectually to put a Stop thereto, you are to order a close Iron Grating to the Hatchway into the Hold of each Packet, to be locked down, and the Key kept by the Captain only, and by this Means none of the Officers or Seamen can have Access thereto, but by his Permission; and whenever there may be Occasion for its being opened, he must attend to see that no Goods are taken down or brought up; and you are to order the Cabbins and Cupboards between the Decks to be taken away, and the Whole made perfectly clear, the same as on Board a Man of War; and you are to give strict Orders to the Captains not to suffer their Seamen to have on Board more than One Box each, for containing their Apparel, which shall not exceed in

Length in Breadth, and

in Depth.

As there has been mud) Abuse by Persons going from and to Falmouth, in the Packet Boats, without paying the King’s Passage Money, you are yourself to take Care, and also to give strict Orders to the Captains, not to carry out or bring home any Persons whatever, without the King’s Passage Money, except distressed Subjects coming Home, who may be furnished with Free Passes.

As it appears that false Masters have formerly been made, and the Packets sailed without their full Complement, as well as Numbers of Boys have been mustered as able Seamen, you are yourself to muster the Crews of each Packet, immediately before their sailing, and on their Arrival, and not to trust this Business to your Clerk but in Cases of Necessity, and to see that each Packet has the full Complement of good and able Seamen, not allowing more Boys on Board any Ship than Four under the Age of 17, and Tw o under the Age of 14, that is Four in the Whole under 17; and if at any Time any of the Crews should leave the Packet before sailing, or during the Voyage,

27 Geo. III. 33 ' Ma817

and not be replaced, you are to send us an Account ment for the constant Wages, to remain in the Service; thereof, that the Wages and Victualling for the Time but, that the Captains may not be imposed upon, by may be deducted from the Hire of the - Vessel, and paying the Wages, when in Harbour, to Seamen who placed to the Pension fund. And besides your Muster may leave them before they sail again, the Wages you are to direct each Captain, on his Return to Fal-which may become due while in Falmouth Harbour mouth, to certify, in a Book to be kept for the Purpose are not to be paid till the Return from the succeeding in your Office, whether he had the whole Complement Voyage, which you will make known to them all, during the Voyage, or from what Period any of his that they are then to be paid them; but if any of Crew left the Ship. And for the Purpose of mustering them should not proceed on the succeeding Voyage, the Packets on their Departure and Arrival, or as often the Wages and Victualling, till they are replaced by as may appear necessary, you are to order Four Seamen other Seamen, are to be carried to the Pension Fund, from the Packets in Harbour always to be in Readiness and you are to send us an Account of it for that Pur-to attend upon you. pose.

You are also to order the Packet Boats in Turn of At all the Meetings of the Committee of Captains, Sailing out into the Road at least the Day before the whether it may be for settling the Disputes amongst Arrival of their respective Mails from London, with themselves and Officers, or any. other Business, you are their full Complement on Board, and there to con- to preside as Chairman, and from Time to Time send tinue till sailing, that no Time may be lost in their up the Copies of the Minutes of the Meeting, for our Departure the Moment the Mails arrive, and the Wind Information.

is fair. ' You are to send us an immediate Account of all

And as Complaints have been made by some of the the remarkable Occurrences, that we may communi-Common Seamen, that they are discharged, from the cate the same, if necessary, to His Majesty’s principal Packets immediately on their Arrival at Falmouth, Secretaries of State; and you are to observe all such and receive neither Wages nor Victualling till they further Instructions as you may from Time to Time proceed on the next Voyage, you are to give the receive from us, or by our Directions; and likewise

strictest Directions to the Captains to continue their to use your utmost Skill and Ability to promote His

Pay while they remain in Harbour, for the Mainte- Majesty’s Service in general, according to the Trust

nance of their Families, without having Recourse to reposed'in you.

the Practice of Smuggling and as an Encourage- Given at the General Post Office, &c.

Appendix, N* 8.

COALS.

To Lord Tankercille, from the 5th July 1782 to 5th

April 1783, inclusive, 1 Year -To Lord Carteret, for the same Period -

To Lord Tankercille, from the 5th of April 1784 to 10th October 1786, 21 Years -To Lord Carteret, for the same Period.

Lord Tankercille more than Lord Carteret *

TIN WARES, &e\

To Lord Carteret, from 5th Joly 1784 to the 10th October 1786, 2 Years and an Half -To Lord Tankercille, for the same Period *

CANDLES.

To Lord Carteret from 5th July 1784 to the 10th October 1786, 2 Years and an Half -To Lord Tankercille, for the same Period - -

£549 7 3

- . 352 7 —

£1,221 7 —

1,008 10 —

£10512 7

44 4 6

£61 8 1

£414 12 —

279 7 ~ / 1 n #

/» !35 5 —

£*97~ 3

212 17 —

£409 17 3

*96 13 1

£213 4 2

N. B. By the above Comparison of Coals, Tin Ware, &c*. and Candles, supplied to the Post Master General, there appears upon the Whole an Excess of £213. 4. 2, on the Part of Lord Tankercille.

Vol. 42.

9*

Appendix,

Report from Post Office Committee.

8x8

23° Man.

A. 1787.

Report from Post Office Committee.

Appendix, N*

Mercurii, 16* die Mail 1787* Post Office Committee.

Mr. Grey,

Mr. Francis, Mr.

Lord Ma

Mr. For,

Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Adam,

Mr. Anstruther, Mr. St.John,

Mr. Lambton.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, Copy of die Narrative of Facts respecting Mr. Lees original Appointment and present Situation as Secretary of the General Post Office of Ireland, dated the 15th Day Of November 1774.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, Copy of Two Letters from Mr. John Lees to Mr. Todd, dated, one Dublin, 20th. December 1784; and the other Dublin, 23d November 1784.

Ordered, That Anthony Todd, Esquire, Secretary to the General Post Office, do attend this Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. John Walcott examined.

What Office do you hold ?

Am Post Master General’s Agent at Dover.

When was you appointed ?

In April 1775, or thereabouts.

On what Terms was that Office granted to you ?

Of paying the whole Salary and the whole Emoluments to Mr. Barham, the then Agent; and afterwards Mr. Barham and myself agreed to consider the Salary and Emoluments as £.S00per Annum, and that I should pay that Sum Annually, at Quarterly Payments, during Mr. Barham's Life.

Was there any other Condition?

None with respect to my Appointment to that Office: Mr. Barham is still living.

What Office did you hold before this?

The Office of Secretary and Comptroller of the said Office in Ireland.

Who succeeded you in that Office?

Mr. Lees.

Were any Conditions annexed to your Resignation of that Office to him ?

Yes.

What were they ?

The Conditions on the Appointment were the same as those of Dover, namely, that the whole Salary and Emoluments should be paid to me during the Life of Mr. Barham, but that I should allow Mr. Lees £.300 a Year during that Time for doing the Duties of the Office; and this was also afterwards altered to a Payment of £. 750 per Annum to me, to be considered as the Amount of the Salary and Emoluments, and to be paid to me Quarterly, in the same Manner; and after the Death of Mr. Barham, £. 350 a Year to a Person described by the Letters A. together with £. 1.50 a Year to be paid to me provided the Employment should exceed the Value of £. 1,000 per Annum, and so in Proportion between the Sum of £800 and £.1,000.

By what Authority was that Condition of a Payment to a Person called A. B. annexed to this Transaction ?

By Mr. Lees's Consent to the Payment By whom was such Consent required of Mr. Lees ? When the Thing was in Agitation Mr. Lees was content to make that Payment.

Was it the Condition on whish the Office was given him?

It was one.

By whom was the Office given him

The Post Master General for the Time being.

Whether was it any Proposal of Mr. Lees in the first Instance, in order to obtain that Employment?

Certainly not; Lord Le Despenser and Lord Carteret were Post Masters General at that Time.

Where is the Person described A. B. ?

In the Narrative Mr. Lees has sent over here, stating the Business.

Have you seen that Narrative ?

I have now a Copy of it, sent to me by Mr. Lees.

Did you know of it before you had seen this Narrative of Mr. Lees ?

Yes.

Do you know whether Mr. Lees entered into any legal Agreement to pay the £. 350 a Year to A. B.f

Yes, he did.

To whom was it to be paid ?

The Agreement was made to me and A. B. by his own Name; Treoes was mentioned in it, and then the Security to Mr. Treves was given him in his own Name.

By whom was the Security given to A. B.f

By Mr. Lees, and myself.

Who is A.B.f

Mr. Treoes.

Why was he called A. B.f Why was his Name concealed ?

Can’t say why Mr. Lees described him A. B. in his Narrative; in the Agreement with me he is described by his own Name.

Did you ever know A. B. used as a Description of the Person to receive the Annuity of £. 350, any where but in Mr. Lees Narrative ?

There were Letters passed on the Subject; whether it was used there, or any where else, or not, I cannot tell — I do not recollect at present.

Do you know on what Account this Engagement was made to Mr Treves?

As a Friend of Lord Carteret's.

Withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, a Copy of the Memorial from the Post Master General to the Treasury, relative to granting a Pension of £.400 a Year to Mr. Lees, to indemnify him for Losses which he had sustained by the Separation of the Irish and English Post Offices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, a Copy of a Warrant from the Treasury, authorizing the Post Master General to grant Mr. Lees a Pension of ,£.400 a Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee^ an Account of all Articles furnished to the Post Master General, under the Head of Oil and Lamps, between the 25th of March % 784 and the 25th of March 1787; distinguishing what was furnished to each Post Master General;

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, an Account of all Articles furnished to the Post Master General, under the Head of Candles, between the 25th of March 1784 and the 25th of March 1787; distinguishing what was furnished to each Post Master General.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, Copy of a Bill for furnishing the Apartments of the Housekeeper to the Post Office, presented to Lord Tankerville for his Signature, and which he refused to sign.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, an Account of all Articles, under the Head of Coals, furnished to the Post Afaster General, between the 25th of March 1784 and the 25th of March 1787, distinguishing what was furnished to each Post Master General.

w Ordered

37 Geo. III. 330

Ordered, That the Chairman do move the House, to have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment, and that they may have Leave to proceed with a Quorum of Five.

Adjourned to Twelve Tomorrow.

strcis, 17* die Mail 17S7.

Committee on Post Office.

Mr. Francis,

Mr. Grey, Mr.

Lord Maitland, Mr. Anstruther,

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Adam.

Mr. IVuidham,

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, an Account of the Arrival at and Sailing from Falmouth of each separate Packet Boat, with an Account of the Deductions that have been made from the Hire of such as have been under Repair, Seizure, or otherwise unemployed since the War.

Ordered, That Mr. Cumming, Inspector of

Tradesmen’s Bills at the Post Office, do attend this Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Walcott do attend this Committee.

The Earl of Tankeroilk attending, and declaring

he has no Objection to being examined by the Committee on the Subject of their Appointment; be is examined accordingly.

During the Time you was at the Head of the Post Office, did you discover any Abuses in the Administration of that Department?

I found the Inland Department in a very bad State, various Abuses existed there, and such as came to my Knowledge I endeavoured to correct

State to the Committee any of these Abuses?

1 had Reason to think some of the young Men had absented themselves from Duty on frivolous Pretences, which appeared very evident from the Excuses which they made to the Comptroller for Leave of Absence; I therefore sent to the Comptroller, and desired to see the Account of Hire; it appeared to be very considerable; and, upon Examination, it was discovered, that some of these young Men had been absent many Months in the Course of the Year, by Two or Three Days at a Time, in consequence of which other Persons in the Office were hired to do their Duty, some of whom were paid at the Rate of Five Shillings a Night, and 2 in the Morning; others only 2 s. 6d. at Night, and 2 in the

Morning, while these young Men enjoyed their full Pay from the Office. — Upon Enquiry into their Characters, and finding them very negligent of their Duty, with the Concurrence of Lord Carteret, and the Office in general, I thought it Becessary to make an Example of them, and dismissed Two. — When 1 was first appointed to the Office, a Person by the Name of Peers, a Window Mao, was brought before the Board, upon a Complaint of not having paid in the Money received by him at the usual Time — he was reprimanded for it then, but not dismissed. — On the last Day I was at the Office on my first Appointment, he Was brought before the Board again on a similar Complaint; and I then said, if I continued in the Office, he should be dismissed. — When I returned to the Office again, I found Mr. Peers in the same Situation; and very soon after a similar Complaint was made against him for not having paid in his Money, according to the Rules of the Office. — He was excused again; but not long after it appeared that he was still more in Arrear than usual, and not being able to make his Payment, I insisted on his being dismissed, which was accordingly done.

What passed on the Subject of an Allowance to Mr. Staunton in lieu of a House ?

Vol. 42.

Maii. 819

Lord Carteret proposed to me to allow him £.100 a Year in lieu of a House; which I rejected.

Why did you?

In Consequence of a Conversation between Mr. Pitt and me: Upon the Death of Mr. Allen, who was Comptroller to the Bye and Cress Road Letter Office; Lord Carteret appointed Mr. Staunton; but immediately on that Appointment we received a Letter from Mr. Rose, desiring that the House belonging to that Office might not be occupied; and on having an Opportunity of seeing Mr. Pitt, I represented to him, that I thought that the Comptroller’s House ought to go to the Person appointed to the Office; and if Mr. Pitt wanted a House for any of the Persons who were to carry on the Mail Coach Plan, he might reasonably put the Reyentie to the Expence of a House for that Purpose. I represented to him, that I had understood that the Apartments of the Clerks were, connected with the Comptroller’s House, and that the House ought to be occupied by him. Mr. Pitt said, he should want the House; he knew he could put the Revenue to the Expence of a House of he thought proper; but he thought the Expence of a House might be saved. — I did not, on any Ground whatever, think Mr. Staunton entitled to that Allowance.

Do you know whether Mr. Allen, on his First Appointment to the Situation, had or had not, a House in the Office?

I have understood Mr. Allen had an Allowance for a House till his House was finished. I have understood he had £. 100 allowed him, and that was quoted as a Precedent.

Do you know if there was any other Person who ever filled that Office but Mr. Alien?

There never was. Being in Possession of Mr. Pitt's Sentiments on the Affair, I did not think myself at Liberty to concur in any such Proposal as the Allowance to Mr. Staunton.

Do you know of any Engagement entered into by Mr. Lees, Secretary to the Post Office, Dublin, for the Payment of £350 a Year from the Emoluments of his Office to a Person unknown, described by the Letters A. B.?

A Letter was written to the Post Office, being a Narrative of Facts, stating that whole Transaction, which was brought over by Mr. Orde, as appears by Mr. Lees Letter.

Did you ever communicate this Transaction to Mr. Pitt?

I did; but found him not ill-informed on the Subject in general.

What Sentiments did he express to you on that Occasion?

He concurred with me in thinking that it was not a proper Transaction.

What was done in Consequence of the Discovery made by Lees's Narrative ?

No Steps were taken to set that Transaction aside.

Do you recollect when you first knew that such an Agreement subsisted with A. B.?

The First Intimation I had of it was from that Narrative of Facts.

Do you know who A. B.is?

I can’t say I do.

Did you ever represent to Mr. Pitt any other of the Abuses which you state to have existed in the Post Office, or propose to him any Means for their Correction?

I acquainted him from Time to Time with what I had done, and spoke to him very particularly on the Subject of the Packets. I had Reason to think, from some Information I had received, that there were great Abuses in the Management of the Packets; and having Occasion to send a Person to Falmouth soon after I had received this Information, in order to settle and inspect the Agent’s Accounts, I ordered him to furnish

me

Report (rod! Post Offics Committee.

82*6

23" Maii.

A. 1787.

Report from me with every Information be could on diet Subject; into the Circumstances of the Case; and if te nould Post Office which, on his Return, he did. He stated very gross report to me, that there were Precedents for the 1 ay-Abuses — In Consequence of which we prepared a ment of such Bills, and that it ought to be paid out ot Code of Instructions for the Captains; and 1 took an the Revenue, 1 was ready to sign it; if not, consider-early Opportunity of leaving it with Mr. Pitt, and ex- ing myself in a Situation of public Trust, I thought it

Committee.

plained to him several Matters by Word of Mouth, which I considered of Importance. I told him, that the Service was in such a State, that there was a Necessity for something being done; and if the Commissioners of Accounts were not soon to go into the Post Office, I desired he would give me Authority to take the Matter up, and lay before him a Plan of Regulation and Reform. He told me, he had Reason to think the Commissioners of Accounts would soon be in the Office, in which Case he should certainly call on me for my Assistance. — I wish to have it understood, that as soon as ever I heard of any Abuses, I took the most effectual Steps to have them corrected.

my Duty to look to every Article of public Expenditure, and not wantonly create a new Precedent of Official Expence. Mr. Todd n£ver made any Report that it ought to bfe paid out of the Revenue. Some Time after it was laid before me again, and I again rejected it; and on the 14U1 of June, when the last Discussion was had of the Subject, wl»en I Came to the Office, I' found Lord Carteret who had signed the Bill; and when it was presented to me again, I asked Mr. Todd, if it contained the Articles for the Housekeeper’s Apartments, which I had objected to? He told me it did. I observed, I thought he was guilty of a gross Impropriety in laying the Bill before me in the same State, as I never would sign it, unless he re-Did Lord Carteret shew any Inclination to prevent ported to me that it was precedented. This produced your Wish of reforming Abuses ? some Altercation between Lord Carteret and me, in

I do not recollect any particular Instance. He seemed which I took Occasion to observe, that I would do no

Jobbs; and if a good Understanding with Lord Car* some teret could only be procured by those Means, I would rather continue upon the Terms that we were.

Did you, in your Letter to Mr. Todd, state that yod would pay the Bill, provided he found it precedented; or simply, provided he reported he thought it right and proper so to do ?

I think my Letter to Mr. was, that if he found it precedented, and would report to me that he thought it right to be paid, I would sign it; but I wish to refer to the letter, if it be in Mr. Todd's Pos-

unwilling to consent to the Dismission of Mr. Peers, probably from a mistaken Lenity; and I had Difficulty in effecting it.

Did you understand from Mr. Pitt, that no Steps were to be taken for the Reform of Abuses in the Post Office, till the Commissioners of Accounts should go into that Office ?

I always understood that it was Mr. Pitt's Wish that I should regulate and reform Abuses; at the same Time it was impossible to go into any general System of Reform, as the new Plan was then under Trial.

Do you understand that no Abuses could be reformed till the Trial of the new Plan was compleated ?

Partial Abuses certainly might, and were.

What were the Abuses which Mr. Pitt, as mentioned _ by your Lordship, wished to defer till the Commissioners came into that Office?

Abuses respecting Packets, and others not depending on the new Plan.

session.

Do you wish to add any Thing to what you before said, of your Conversation with Lord Carteret, on the 14th of June?

I observed to Lord Carteret, that there were Two Subjects on which we disagreed, the House-keeper and Mr. Stanton — that in regard to Mr. Stanton, out of Kindness to Lord Carteret I had requested Mr. Pitt to let him take Possession of the Comptroller’s

What was the general Nature of the Abuses relating House; but as to making him the Allowance of £. 100

to the Packets?

Sometimes sailing without their full Complement of Men, receiving full Pay while unemployed, delaying their sailing improperly, and others of a similar Nature.

Do you recollect any Instance of an unprecedented Expence attempted to be introduced into the Post Office by Lord Carteret, to which you objected?

I was at the Office, holding a Board by myself, when several Bills were laid before me, and One in particular, an Upholsterer’s; and as I never signed a Bill without some Examination, I observed several Articles which I could not conceive ought to be allowed for the Office. Mr. Brathwaite presented the Bill: I asked him for whom these Articles had been furnished ? He said he really could not tell. — I asked if he thought they were right? He seemed to doubt whether they were; but said, he would inquire of Mr. Cummings, lie returned in a short Time, and said they were ordered for the Housekeeper’s Apartments. I told him, I had my Doubts as to the Propriety of signing for the Payment; and that I would not do it unless I knew that such Allowances were precedented in the Office — I therefore rejected the Bill for that Time. Some Time after Lord Carteret and I met at the Office, and we bad some Discussion on this Subject. Lord Carteret took Occasion to observe, if Post Masters were to look into such Accounts with such Minuteness as that, the Situation did not suit him. I replied, I thought it would be disgraceful to me to authorize Bills to be paid which the Office did not allow. In a short Time after I wrote to Mr. Todd, desiring he would esquire

per Annum, being in Possession of Mr. Senti-

ments on that Head, I could not concur in that Proposal. — Lord Carteret, from his Manner, seemed to doubt my having had such Conversation with Mr. Pitt, which made me'question him at the Time with some Warmth — however, Lord Carteret disclaimed having had any such Doubts; but there was some further Altercation that Day, which produced a Remonstrance in Writing from me to him.

At what Time did you quit the Office of Post Master General ?

The 11th of August last.

Did you consider yourself as dismissed, or did you resign i

I considered myself as dismissed.

What Reason was assigned for your Dismission ?

A Complaint from Lord Carteret to Mr. Pitt.

Was you charged in that-Complaint, or otherwise, with any Failure io the Discharge of your Duty?

No — Mr. Pitt told me the Whole turned on a personal Misunderstanding between Lord Carteret and me.

What were the Causes of that Misunderstanding?

Mrs. Burrows the House-keeper’s Bill, and the Affair of Mr. Stanton.

Was Mr. Pitt acquainted of the Causes of that Misunderstanding?

Yes — by me.

Was there no Official Difference and consequent Misunderstanding between you and Lord Carteret, previous to the Difference about the House-keeper’s Bill and Mr. Stanton? ’ _ ,

There had been a Difference of Opinion respecting

the

27 Geo. III. 230

the Appointment of a Surveyor, but we had never had any Altercation on the Subject; nor had it ever made the smallest Impression on my Mind.

Did you receive a Letter from Mr. Secretary Todd, of which this is an Extract ?

Yes — I remember this Letter perfectly.

In regard to that Letter, I must observe, that there was not at that Time any Difference between Lord Cartaret and me, that could have made such a Letter necessary, or have given Occasion for it — There was a Difference of Opinion, but not the smallest Altercation on the Subject — As a Proof that there was no ill Will subsisting between us, subsequent to this Period, I desire the Letter may be read.

[Letter produced and read.]

Did you, on receiving that Letter of Mr. Todd's, express your Surprize, either by Letter or in Conversation, that he should have stated such a Difference, when it did not exist ?

I do not recollect any Answer that I returned to that Letter.

Was Mr. Dashwood ever appointed to the Situation which you intended for him ?

No — nor any other Person; and the Reason was, that as a new System was expected to be soon introduced to the Office, Mr. Todd thought is would be as well not to appoint any additional Surveyor.

Do you imagine that Mr. Todd's suggesting that, was the sole Reason for not appointing Surveyors; or do you conceive that they were not appointed partly to avoid forcing a Discussion on Mr. being

advanced to that Situation ?

There was a Doubt about the Appointment of Two additional Surveyors in the First Instance; and as well as I recollect One of the established Surveyors being then in a better State of Health, Mr. Todd seemed to think that they were not so necessary, and partly perhaps as we were not agreed about the Choice of them; but the principal Reason that weighed, was the Introduction of the new Plan, and the Consideration that the Public Service would sustain no Injury.

Did you make any Objection to the Person proposed as an additional Surveyor by Lord Carteret ?

Don’t recollect that I did.

Do you recollect the Objections stated to the Appointment of Mr. Dashwood?

I recollect that he was by my Ix>rd Carteret charged with a Fraud; but I do not believe that the Fault he had been guilty of deserved so harsh an Imputation, as well as I recollect the Circumstances of the Case.

Was he not dismissed by Lord Carteret and Lord Foley, on Account of having set his Men ashore subsequent to their being mustered, and proceeding on the Voyage with less than his Complement ?

I understood some such Charge as that had been brought against him; but when I first promised to appoint him I did not actually know he had been in the Post Office, and was totally unacquainted with him — had never seen him — When I was informed he had been in the Post Office, and dismissed in consequence of some Fault, I enquired if he was considered by the Office in general as under any Circumstance of Disqualification, and I w'as assured not.

Did you never hear of any other Charges against Mr. Dashwood ?

Never did, till a considerable Time after the proposed Appointment, and those were very questionable; as I understood they were brought against him by his Alate, who had treated him with very great Insolence, as is testified by Two Officers of Credit, who came Passengers in the same Ship.

Did you apply to Mr. Todd, to know whether there was any Precedent of appointing a Man to an Office of Trust, under the Post Master General, who had been dismissed from his Situation upon Account of a Fraud ?

V o l. 42.

Mail 821

I did not apply to Mr. Todd for any Precedent, but Report from I never heard that the supposed Fraud was substan- Post Office dated, or that he was even admitted into the Room c*n,m,ttee* when he was dismissed. - -

How soon after the Time that the first Proposal was made for appointing Mr. Dashwas it agreed that he should not be appointed ?

Can’t say — I considered the Matter as settled, on my Lord Carteret's refusing him.

What Discussion or Correspondence took Place between you and Lord Carteret on that Subject?

Two Letters; and as soon as Lord Carteret's Objections were made known to me, I do not recollect pressing the Affair any further; but I let it drop.

Has any Correspondence in Writing taken Place between you, Mr. Pitt, and Lord Carteret, on the Subject of Abuses in the Post Office, or on the Subject of Differences between you and Lord Carteret, relative to any Transactions in the Office ?

Yes.

Do you think them necessary or useful for the Information of this Committee, in their present Enquiry ?

I think they would tend to throw some Light on the Subject.

Have you any Objection to lay them before the Committee ?

None.

[Produces Correspondence between Mr. Pitt,

Lord Carteret, and himself.]

Adjourned for Ten Minutes.

Committee again met.

Mr. Wilbraham in the Chair.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Cummins, Chamber-keeper and Inspector of Tradesmen’s Bills at the Post Office.

I examine all the Bills.

Did you ever examine a Charge of Oil and Lamps set to the Account of Lord Carteret ?

Yes.

Did you ever observe any improper Articles charged in those Accounts ?

There has appeared a Number of Articles of Tin Wares, charged in the Tinman’s Bill, who furnishes the Office with Oil and* Lamps.

What Sort of Tin Wares?

Tea Kettles, Saucepans, Candlesticks.

Do you conceive those Articles improperly introduced ?

They were Articles which had not been before so frequently in the Tinman’s Bill, for the Use*of the Post Master General,

Did you ever see such Articles charged under the Head of Oil and Lamps, to the Account of any other Post Master General r

Yes, Lord Le Despencer.

Did you ever see any such Charge to the Account of Lord Tankerville ?

No.

What might be the Amount of those Articles thus charged ?

Can’t say.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, an Account of all Articles under the Head of Coals, furnished to the Post Master General, between 5th April 1782 and the 5th of April 1783; distinguishing what was furnished to each Post Master General.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, an Account of the Tin Wares delivered to the Use of His Majesty’s Post Master General, between the 25th of March 1784 and the 25th of March 1787; distinguishing each Article.

9 Z Ordered,

824 n" Mali.

lUport from Ordered, That Peregrine Treves, Esquire, do attend Post Ofic* tfria Committee, Tomorrow Morning.

CotumUae. Ordered, That Mr. the Coal Merchant, do

attend.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do attend.

Adjourned to Twelve Tomorrow.

Veneris, 1%" die Mad 1787.

Committee, Post Office.

Mr. Lambton,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Francis,

Mr. JViibraham, Lord Maitland.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Todd, Clerk in the Secretary’s Office, do attend this Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Parkins, Solicitor to the Post Office, do attend this Committee.

[Mr. Grey produces a Paper, desired by Lord Tankeiville to be laid before the Committee;

and also a Letter from Mr. Dashwood to Lord Tankerville.]

Anthony Todd, Esquire, Secretary of the Post Office, examined.

Do you know any Thing of an Engagement entered into by Mr. Lees, on his Appointment to the Secretaryship of the Dublin Post Office, for the Annual Payment of £. 350 a Year to A. B. ?

I do — That it was between Mr. Walcot, then Secre-- tary to the Post Office, Dublin, and Mr. Lees. — Mr. Walcot was desirous of coming to succeed Mr. Barham as Agent of the Packet Boats at Dover; that he was to allow Mr. B. the whole Profits of his Office; and that Mr. Lees w’as to succeed him at Dublin on the same Terms; but upon Mr. Barhams Death Mr. Lees was to allow £. 350 a Year to Mr. Treves.

Was this Transaction entered on the Minutes of the Post Office at the same Time with the Superannuation of Mr. Barham ?

Nothing of the £. 350.

Why was it not ?

I don’t know — it was not entered — it was in the Time of Lord Le Despencer and Lord Carteret — It was not known Officially in the Office, though it transpired at the Time the Narrative of Facts was given in by Mr.

' Lees, or before.

Why is Mr. Treves there described only as A. B. ?

That is Mr. Lees, absolutely — I knew him by the Name of Treves at first Do you conceive such a Transaction to have been regular or precedented ?

I know of no PrecedenUin the Books — as to whether it is regular or not, I rather wish not to give any Opinion.

Did you give any Opinion at the Time?

Yes, I did, I disapproved of it in Conversation.

To whom did you express that Disapprobation.

To both Lord Le Despencer and Lord Carteret, in Conversation.

Had Mr. Treves performed any public Service in the Department of the Post Office ?

None that I know of.

What were the Grounds upon which a Pension of £. 400 a Year was granted to Mr. Lees?

On his Representation of having lost more than that Amount per Annum by the Separation of the Offices.

Have you any Reason to think Lord Tankerville was anxious for, and active in, the procuring this Pension ?

Lord Tankerville, in a Letter to me of the 5th December, 1784, said, "I have Copies of every Thing

delivered to our Office from Mr. Lees, and will " exert my best Endeavours to serve him, from a full " Persuasion he is an honourable and deserving Man.’*

And in another Letter of 27th April 1785, he says, " I " herewith inclose the Warrant for the Payment of " Lees, to which I think him just entitled."

Is there any Connection between the original Engagement relative to A. B. and the Compensation granted to Mr. Lees in the Year 1784?

The Memorial to the Treasury on the Subject shews it was merely a Compensation of the Loss of £. 400 a Year and upwards by the Newspapers.

Do you know any thing of an Upholsterers Bill presented to Lord Tankerville, with Articles charged in it for furnishing the House-keeper’s Apartments at the Post Office.

Yes.

Was the Bill objected to by Lord Tankerville?

Yes.

For what Reason ?

That it was too much — I think he assigned that Reason.

Did he not object to the Articles of Furniture for the House-keeper’s Apartments, as the Introduction of an unprecedented Expence?

He did object to it — to be sure it was unprecedented, because for many Years no House-keeper had resided.

Did not Lord Tankerville positively refuse to sign the Bill, unless you would declare that these Articles were properly charged ?

Lord Tankerville, in a Letter of 25th May 1784, says to me, " If therefore, after proper Examination " and Enquiry, you will report that this Bill is reasonable and fair, it may induce me to pass it for " Payment."

Did you ever make such Report? 1

I made it sufficiently to imply it was reasonable, though upon the Whole some of the Things were perhaps rather too good — but recommended the signing it.

Did Lord TankeroUle still persist in his Refusal ?

Yes.

Has that Bill been paid since he left the Office ?

Yes, signed by Lord Clarendon, who looked over every Article before he signed it.

Did Lord Tankerville's Refusal to sign that Bill I

create any Misunderstanding between him and Lord Carteret ? i

I cannot say create, it increased one which subsisted !

before.

Was there any Housekeeper resided at the Post Office previous to the Appointment of Mrs. Burrows?

None since 1740. i

State to the Committee the Origin of that Official |

Difference which created a Misunderstanding between i

Lord Tankercille and Lord Carteret ? j

By Lord Carteret refusing to sign the Appointment

of Mr. Dashwood as Riding Surveyor, who had been dismissed from the Command of the Dashzeood Packet Boat.

Why was he dismissed ?

For discharging a considerable Part of his Crew, after they had been mustered at Falmouth, before he proceeded on his Voyage to St. Augustine.

On the said Office being informed of this, did they not communicate it to the Agent at Falmouth, and desire to be informed of the Truth of it?

Yes, as appears by his Answer.

[Delivers in the Answer, dated 18th August, 1783.] Did Mr. Dashwood's Guilt admit of any Dispute, or do not you know that he himself confessed it?

He did confess it.

Did you state to Lord Tankerville, on his proposing to

37 Geo. III. 33*

to make him a Rilling Surveyor* that he had so confessed it ?

I did.

M as not the Agent for the Packets privy to his sailing without his full Complement ?

It appears in the Letter I just delivered in that the Agent was then in London.

By whom was the Complaint laid against Mr. Daph-wood?

By Mr. Paddy, the Mate, whom he had discharged.

Do you know whether that Mr. Paddy was not discharged for mutinous Behaviour?

Mr. Dashu ood said he was.

Was Mr. Das/nvood suffered to be beard in his own Defence ?

1 heard him in his own Defence over and over.

Was he heard before the Board ?

Don't know,

Did Mr. Daskwood desire to be heard before the Board?

Can’t recollect.

Is it usual to dismiss Officers in the Service of the Post Office on Complaint, without befog heard at the Board in their Justification ?

They are generally heard.

Do you recollect, whether Lord Carteret and Lord Tankerville were ever on good Terms subsequent to Lord Tankerville's Proposition of appointing Mr. Daskwood a Riding Surveyor?

Never on good Terms after that.

Do you recollect writing a Letter to Lord xille, dated 8th November 1784, of which this an Extract ?

I do, and this is the Answer which I received, dated 10th.

[Produces it.]

I received another Letter from Lord Tankerville, dated 23d October 1784.

[Produced and read.]

I wrote a Letter in consequence of that to Lord Tankerville, of which this is a Copy.

[Produced and read.]

I likewise received this Letter, without a Date, from Lord Tanketville.

[Produced it.]

This is Copy of a Letter which I wrote to Lord Carteret the Evening I received the last Note from Lord Tankercille, subsequent to the holding a Board. [Produced and read.]

I wrote a Letter to Lord of which this

is a Copy.

[Produced and read.]

Did Lord Tankercille ever assign it a3 a Reason for appointing Mr. Daslucood to the Office of Riding Surveyor, that he had not been heard before the Board in his own Justification, and had not been convicted of the Fraud which was assigned as the Reason for his Dismission ?

I do not believe he did.

Do you remember receiving a Letter from Lord Carteret, of 19th December, 1784, of which this is a

Copy, long subsequent to the Proposal of appointing Dashtcood Riding Surveyor ?

Yes.

[Read.]

I recollect it perfectly well.

Had not you, for some Time previous to that, endeavoured to prevent their meeting at a Board ?

Yes, and I believe they both did the same.

Was £. 100 a Year granted to Mr.. Stanton, in lieu of a House, after Lord Tankerville quitted the Office?

Yes.

M ill you state to the Committee, if you do not know that, since the Establishment of the Office which Vol. 42.

Mr. Stanton held, *n, Allowance of J 00 a Year has Report 60m been uniformly granted fox a House, as often as the Pest Office Person bolding that Office was pot provided with a Cwnmitu*. House in the Office ?

It was done so in the Case of Mr. AUea.

Do you not know that the House was refused to Mr. Stanton, and given to Mr. Palmer, by the Direo* . tions of Mr. Pitt, in order to save Expence to the Public?

By the Desire of Mr. Pitt it was, for what Reason I cannot tell.

Do yon knpw any thing of any other Payraept, Allowance, or Grant, except the £. 350 a Year already mentioned, which has been made, given, or promised to Mr.

Treves, opt of any Office upde? the Department of the Post Master ?

Yes.

What is it ?

£. 200 a Year, given him by Mf. Dashuood, the Post Master General of Jamaica.

What is the Nature of it ?

Jt is between themselves, not in the Office.

When did that. Agreement commence ?

With the Appointment of Mr. D

Was my Lord Carteret Post Master when Mr.

Dashwood was appointed ?

Yes, and he was appointed by Lord Carteret:

Was it a Condition of Mr. Appointment?

Yes — he agreed to it.

By whom was that Condition annexed to it ?

By Lord Carteret.

Does that Condition, or any Thing relating to ft, appear on the Books of the Post Office ?

It does not.

Is it usual to annex such Conditions to the Appointment of Post Masters ?

1 know of no more than these Two Cases.

Do you know of any other Post Master but Lord Carteret, that ever annexed such Conditions on the giving away Appointments ?

1 do not recollect any other.

Do you know any Thing of the Appointment of Mr. Molyneux to be Agent for the Packets at Hclvoet-

sluys?

Yes.

Was he at the Time of his Appointment in a Situation to perform the Duties of that Office ?

I cannot say, as to the Time of the Appointment; he has been since at Times in a French Prison.

Has lie not since been permitted to resign, in Conr sequence of his Inability to perform the Duties of his Office?

Yes.

M'as he not permitted to name his Successor ?

I believe he was permitted to recommend his Successor.

M;as Mr. Hutchinson appointed in Consequence of such Recommendation?

Yes, and is-now at Helvoetsluys in that Capacity.

Was it understood that Mr. Hutchinson was to pay a Sum of Money to Mr. Molyneux, on succeeding him in his Office?

Mr. Hutchinson was to raise a Sum of Money to get him out of Prison; — he engaged to do it, but it has not yet been paid.

Are there not very great Complaints against Mr.

Hutchinson, for Mal-administration of his Office ?

Last Week I received such Information from Thomas Todd, one of my Clerks; and on the same Day I caused a strict Enquiry to be made into it, by a Letter to the Agents at Harwich.

Are these the first Complaints which have been received?

I am not sure — I believe I have wrote before, but cannot charge my Memory.

Was

230 Mail. A. 1787.

Report from Was there not, about the Beginning of February last, Post Office jm Intention of dismissing him ?

Committee. There was a Letter written, that if he did not fulfil his Engagement, in getting Molyneux released, that Molyneux must have his Place again.

What was the Sum to be raised by Mr. son?

I do not know.

Do you know the Account of the Debt for which Mr. Molyneux was in Prison ?

I do not.

Does the Agreement appear in the Books of the Office?

No.

Did the Post Master General know of the Agreement ?

Lord Carteret did, and I do not know but the other might.

When the Intention of dismissing Mr. Hutchinson was known, did not Mr. Smith apply for the Place ?

I never heard he did — know nothing of who he is.

Do you know whether any Condition was annexed to Mr. Molyneux's original Appointment ?

I know of none.

Do not you receive per Cent, on all Money paid for Packets ?

Ido.

Did not Mr. Lees express a Surprize and Dissatisfaction, at having such a Condition as a Reversionary Annuity being annexed to his Appointment to succeed Mr. JValcot ?

The very contrary. I apprehend he courted it; the Whole was between Mr. and him.

Question repeated.

I know nothing of it

Was not Mr. Lees made to understand, that the annexed Condition was indispensable, and that otherwise the Bargain between him and Mr. JValcot could not take place ?

I know nothing of it. — Mr. JValcot can answer that best.

On Mr. Lees being appointed Secretary at War in Ireland, did not Mr. Armitt succeed to his Appointment of the Post Office ?

Yes.

Were not the same Conditions annexed to Mr.

Armitt's Appointment ?

I believe they werebut refer again to Mr. JValcot.

Was not Mr. Lees afterwards re-appointed to the Office by Lord Tankerville and Lord Carteret

Yes.

Upon his Re-appointment, did not the Condition revive ?

I believe it did; but I know it not.

Have the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of 25 George the Third, made any Enquiries at the Post Office?

They have not.

Withdrew.

Pellegrin Treves Esquire, examined.

Are you the Person described by the Letters A. B. in Mr. Lees Narrative ?

I am.

Are you to receive the Annuity of £. 350 a Year solely for your own Behoof?

Yes, on the Death of Mr. Barham.

Do you receive any Annuity or Sum of Money from Mr. Dashxvood, the Post Master of Jamaica ?

I do.

Do you receive it for your own Behoof solely ?

Entirely so; it is £. 200 a Year.

Had Lord Carteret, or any Person connected with him directly or indirectly, any Consideration for the

Annuity paid you by Mr. D or the one to be paid to you by Mr. Lees ?

None.

Are not you a Jew and a Foreigner ?

Yes.

In Consideration of what Services did you receive these Grants?

From Friendship entirely.

Withdrew.

Mr. James Dashwood examined.

Was not you formerly Captain of a Packet in the Service of the Post Office ?

Yes.

Was not you dismissed in Consequence of a Complaint against you, for having discharged a great Part of your Crew, after having mustered them, and sailing without your Complement ?

I believe so.

Did you ever confess to Mr. Todd the Offence with which you was charged ?

I told Mr. Todd, as a private Gentleman, and my particular Friend, that I had not my full Complement.

Did you say this before or after your Dismission?

I believe it wjis before.

Was not the Agent for the Packets at Falmouth present at the Muster, and afterwards privy to your sailing without your Complement ?

The Agent’s Clerk mustered, I believe, but I was in Town at the Time; and he knew also that the Ship had not her full Complement before I sailed.

Was there any Reason assigned for your Dismission ?

I never was dismissed.

Are you still in the Service ?

Not having been dismissed, I do not know whether I ought to consider myself as so or not.

When did you cease to be employed ?

They paid me up to the 10th October 1783.

Did you ever desire to be employed again ?

Yes, Fifty Times.

Was any Reason ever assigned for not employing you?

None.

Did you ever solicit a Hearing at the Board, in order to justify yourself?

Several Times.

Was it granted ?

No.

Had you any Justification or Excuse to urge for your Conduct ?

Yes.

From whom did you learn that any Complaint was made against you ?

Mr. Todd.

Who was the Author of that Complaint ?

I suspect Mr. Paddy, but do not know.

Had not Mr. Paddy been guilty of mutinous Behaviour during the Time he was under your Command ?

This Letter is the best Answer to that.

[Produces a Letter from Judge Ludlow to Mr.

Todd, dated 15th October 1783.] Read.

What Reason can you assign for having discharged Part of your Crew, and sailing without your Complement ?

Because I was in hourly Expectation of receiving Orders so to do; and Mr, Todd told me I had better endeavour to go to Sea as soon as I could, in order to keep on the War Establishment; conveying to my Mind that it would be of Advantage to me.

Question repeated.

It was generally considered throughout the Service'

as

27 Geo. III.

23° Mail

825

as an advantageous Opportunity; and another Reason was, that they reduced the Packets at a Moment’s Warning; and another Reason for my discharging my Men was, that I had advanced the Crew a Month's "Wages, and if I had received the Order to reduce at a Moment’s Warning, I must have lost their Pay; also, that I have paid higher Wages in War Time to Seamen than allowed by the Post Office.

On your Return, when the Packet was discharged, was any Objection made to giving you the Full Pay of the War Establishment, on Account of any Fraud which you was said to have committed?

I was paid on the War Establishment to the Day I returned on my Voyage, and after the Post Master General knew I had sailed short of Men.

Did you know of any other Captains of Packets in the Service of the Post Office in similar Circumstances with you, who todk the Advantage of sailing without their full Complement, in order to be paid on the War Establishment?

It was the current Report at , that many

others were in the same Situation; and I told Mr. Toddy as a private Gentleman, that the Report was so also.

What Answer did Mr. Todd make ?

Would hear nothing I had got to say. — I believe he asked me if I meant to accuse any Body.

Did not Mr. Todd tell you, that if you would substantiate that Fact, with regard to any other Individual, that he would share the same Fate ?

I believe he said, when I told him the Report of others being in the same Situation, " then they will " all be dismissed."

Did you write any Letters to be heard at a Board ?

Yes, both to Mr. Todd and the Post Masters.

Did you ever receive any written Answer?

No.

Withdrew.

Adjourned for Ten Minutes.

Post Office Committee.

Committee again met Mr. Courtenay in the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Todd examined.

I am Clerk to the Secretary of the Post Office.

Have any Abuses come to your Knowledge in the Regulation of Packets ?

Several I have considered as Abuses. — I have stated several to Lord Tankerville; and Mr. Todd has seen the Papers.

Do you ever see any of the Post Master General’s Bills?

Yes, have seen many.

Did you ever see any Tinman’s Bills charged to the Account of Lord Carteret ?

Yes.

Did you ever see any improper Articles charged ?

1 have seen a great many Articles of Kitchen Furniture charged in the Tinman’s Bills.

What was the Amount of such Articles ?

There was a Bill delivered lately, in which there was a Charge of that Kind to the Amount of about £.100, Or more.

Do you know any thing of the Dismission of Mr. Dashwood from the Post Office ?

Yes.

What was the Cause assigned for his Dismission ?

His having dismissed a Part of his Crew before he sailed.

Do you conceive he was blameable in that Transaction ?

Yes, I conceived him to have been blameable, but hardly to have deserved so severe a Punishment as his Dismission; and that if be deserved the Dismission, the

Vol.42.

Agent, who was privy to the whole Transaction, ought Report from to have been dismissed also?

Who was the Agent?

A Mr. Bell, of Falmouth, who had been guilty of a great many Abuses; and afterwards shot himself, in Consequence of the Enquiries I was sent down to Falmouth to make.

How long was it, subsequent to Mr. Dis-

mission, that Mr.' Belt shot himself?

I think Mr. Dashwood was dismissed in 1783, and Mr. Bell shot himself in 1785.

Did he continue in his Office till his Death ?

Yes.

Did the Post Masters and Mr. Todd know that he

must have been privy to Mr. Dashwos sailing without

his Complement ?

I told Mr. Todd myself he did; and though Mr.

Bell denied it in strong Terms by Letter, I still told Mr. Todd that I was well satisfied he did know of it; and I wrote a Letter myself for Mr. Todd's signing, though he had been before ordered to Town, that he, Mr. Bell, might give an Answer in Writing to that Letter.

Do you, as one of the Clerks in the Secretary’s Office, conceive, that when you write a Letter, which is signed by Mr. Todd, that it is Mr. Todd's Letter, or your own ?

Mr. Todds — but that Letter is not entered on the Books; though I understood from Mr. Todd that he gave it to Mr. Bell, and that Mr. Bell then confessed he knew of Mr. Dashwoods sailing without his Complement

Is it not usual to enter Copies of all Official Letters in Books?

It is.

Was that an Official Letter?

I conceive it to be so.

Why do you suppose that was not entered ?

Cannot tell.

If it had been entered on the Books, would it not have appeared as an Official Charge against Mr. Bell for Neglect of Duty ?

It would.

By its not being entered, was not Mr. Bell screened from that Charge ?

By that Means Mr.. Bell's Neglect does not appear on Record.

Did you ever submit the Paper which you mean to give the Committee to the Board ?

Never formally to the Board; but Lord Tankerville directed me to state on Paper the Abuses I observed in the Packet Boats at Falmouth; which I accordingly did, and gave the Paper to Lord Tankerville — after keeping it about a Month, or some such Time, he brought it me again, saying, there were Numbers of Abuses indeed at Falmouth, and that when the Commissioners of Accounts came to the Post Office, he would take Care the Abuses in the Packet Boats should be thoroughly examined into — he desired me to draw out Regulations for the present Agent, to prevent the Abuses which had existed; I accordingly drew out Instructions, which I submitted to Mr. Todd's Perusal, with the Papers stating the Abuses, and told him for what Purpose I had made them; I afterwards sent fair Copies to Lord Tankerville, and then heard nothing more of the Business till after Lord Tankerville left the Office, when I wrote to Lord Tankerville to desire him to return the Instructions, and his Lordship wrote me back that he had delivered them to Mr. Pitt.

Withdrew.

Mr. Charles Walcot examined.

Do you recollect having had at any Time any Conversation with Mr, William, late Coal Merchant

10 A to

82 6

230 Matt. A. 1787.

Report from Post Office Committee.

to the Post Office, relative to Lord Carteret's Coal Bills ?

I do not recollect any particular Conversation with regard to Lord Carteret.

Did you ever hear him make any Complaints relative to Lord Carteret, or any other Post Master ?

I do not, any particular Complaints — all the Complaint I ever heard, was generally that he got very little by his Place in the Post Office — never heard him say he had Bills drawn ou him.

Withdrew.

Resolved, That the Chairman do move for Leave to sit Toimorrow.

Adjourned to Twelve Tomorrow.

Sabbati, 19* die Mali, 1787.

Post Office Committee.

Mr. Amtruther in the Chair.

present,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Wilbraham,

Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Colhoun,

Mr. Adam, Mr. Francis.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee A State of the gross Amount of all Articles furnished to the Post Masters General under the Heads Coals, Tin Ware, and Candles, during the Two Periods that Lord Tankei'vUle and Lord were Post Masters

General, distinguishing the Gross Amount furnished to each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Committee, "Copy of the Minutes of Dismission of Captain wood', and also, a Copy of the Minutes of Dismission of Captain Peters.

Mr. Daniel Brathwayte.

Do you recollect any Instance, during the War, of a Packet appointed to go to America being found in so rotten a Condition that the Men refused to go to Sea in her ?

No.

Do you recollect any Thing about a small Vessel being hired to go a Voyage instead of another on that Account ?

I do recollect one Vessel being hired to go on some Occasion in lieu of another Packet — I cannot recollect whether she was smaller — there was no Difference in the Pay — she was paid on the same Terms as the other would have been, though smaller.

Do you recollect any Instance of any Packet being captured out of her Course ?

No.

Was any Enquiry made into the Conduct of any Captains whose Vessels had been captured?

Yes, on many Occasions; I cannot say it was always done.

Do you know any Instance in which such Enquiry was omitted ?

No.

Did you ever hear of any Complaint being made against Mr. Bell for Misconduct in his Office ?

I think I never heard of any Complaint — but Suspicion of his Mismanagement having arisen in the Office, frequent Enquiries were made: I cannot recollect when the First Enquiry was made.

Had any Suspicions of his Misconduct arisen previous to the sailing of Mr. Dashwood?

Yes, I believe there might.

Was any Enquiry made at that Time info the CauM* those Suspicions ?

The Books of the Post Office will shew.

Did he continue in the Enjoyment of his Office to the Time of his Death ?

Yes.

Was he supposed to be privy to the Circumstance of Mr. Dashwood's sailing without his Comple-

ment?

No — not till after the Return of the Packet.

Was there ever any Suggestion that Mr. Bell was privy to it; and were there any Letters wrote in Consequence of it.

There was not any such Suggestion; but an Information being given at the Office that Dashwood had sailed without his Complement of Men, an Enquiry was made by Letters to Falmouth.

[Produced Copies of Two Letters from Mr. Todd to Mr. Bell, and One from Mr. Todd to Captain Dashwood.]

Was it any Part of Mr. Bell's Official Duty to know whether the Masters of Packets had their full Complement of Men when they sailed ?

A very essential Part of his Duty.

Do you know that Mr. Todd, and many other Persons in the Post Office, had a Personal Regard for Mr. Dashwood?

Yes; he was brought up in the Office under me from a Lad, and every Body had a real Regard for him; Mr. Todd treated him as his Child, and it was a Matter of general Regret that it happened that he was the Man pitched upon to make an Example of; and I believe there was no Captain in the Service whom it would have given Mr. Todd more Pain to make an Example of.

Did you ever hear Mr. Dashwood confess his being guilty of what he was charged with ?

Yes.

Was it not rather conceived as a Matter of Delicacy to him, as he had generally confessed it, not to bring him before the Board on his Dismission ?

Yes.

Who was appointed to succeed Mr. Dashwood ?

Captain Deake.

Do you know the Reason of his Appointment ?

He was appointed by Lord Carteret, to ease the Revenue of £. 100 per Annum, which he had while unemployed, by Way of Pension; and because it would at the same Time provide for a Friend of Lord keroille's.

Do you know what Sum was paid in 1784 for the hire of Extra Officers to perform the Duty in the Inland Office?

It might be about Five hundred a Year; the Books will shew — it increased, till in 1786 it amounted to upwards of £. 2,000.

Does the Practice of hiring Officers to perform such Duty continue ?

No; it ceased the Beginning of 1787, pursuant to Lord Carteret’s Orders.

Was Mr. The?. Todd sent to Falmouth to enquire into the Abuses in the Post Office by Lord Tankeroille only, or by the Post Master General; and by whom was he rewarded ?

By the Post Master General, and rewarded by the Board; and in consequence of the Information so procured by him, he Was ordered to draw up Instructions for the new Agent, to prevent any Irregularities in the Service for the future.

Do you think Lord Tankeroille being in Office prevented Lord Carteret from adopting the (Economical Regulations above mentioned, and which he carried into Effect after his Removal ?

By no Means — both one and the other were always complaining of the Expence ?

Do you know that Lord Tankeroille ever, in any One Instance, opposed an (Economical Regulation ?

9 Xo,

4ky Ge6> III. 2y Mali. 837

No, by rto Aleahs.

Do you suppose that the IbereAsC in the Expenditure for Hire, above-mentioned, was in any Degrefe owing to Lord Tankercille* Administration of that

Office?

By no Means.

To what was that increased Expence owing?

Chiefly to the new Arrangement that was about taking Place.

How comes it then that that Ekptence has eeased since the new Arrangement has taken Place ?

The Officers who had been paid for doing extra Duty are all of them on Duty, now Morning and Evening, every Day, instead of Three Times a Week alternately, las they werfe before, for which extra Duty the Clerks are in Expectation of some small Addition tb their Salaries.

Do you know any Instance of the same Offence, for which Mr. Dashxcood whs dismissed the Service, wing overlooked in any other Captain ?

No; Captain Peters has sinfce been distnissed for the same Offence.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Slack examined.

I am an Attorney.

Do you know Mr. Parkins, Solicitor to the Post Office?

I had transacted some Business with him for the Post Office.

When and where did you transact that Business with him?

At his Chambers, about a Fortnight ago.

Did you then inform him that you was the Attorney for Mr. Peasley, that he was the Coal Merchant to the

the Post Office, and the Appointment was given him by Lord Tankercille?

There was a Writing produced to me, with the Name of George Peasley to it, concerning a Contract for some Ground in Abchttrch , sold to the Post Office; I observed to him, that be was the Son of an old Client of mine. Mr. Parkins told me that he had got a Contract: I said I had heard so, and believed that Lord Tankercille had been his Friend, but that I understood he had got a Partner in it

Did you inform Air. Parkins that you had been at any Time employed by Peasley to prepare a Bond, or some Instrument or Agreement, whereby he was to engage to pay a Sum of Money, Annually, or otherwise, to any Person, in Consideration of that Appointment given him by Lord Tankercille f No; my Conversation was, that he had a Partner: Some Instrument I did prepare, but what it was, at this Distance of Time, I cannot say.

Did you understand from Mr. Peasley that Lord Tankercille knew any Thing of the Existence of the Bond ?

Not the least in the World.

[Bond from Peasley to , dated 9th May

1785> produced, and delivered in.]

Is that the Bond to which you allude above?

Yes.

Did you conceive that Bond to be given as a Condition of Mr. Peasleys Appointment ?

Not at all.

Was it previous to or after the Date of Peasley'a Appointment ?

I believe it was afterwards.

Withdrew,

Mr. George Peasley, Coal Merchant to the Post Office.

At what Period was you appointed to supply thd Post Office with Coals ?

Vol. 42.

Early Irt May 1785, by Lord import frofc

Did you supply Lord Tankeroille'& Family with Post Office Coals previous to his being appointed Post Master CourtMlttei General ?

Many Years.

At the Timfe of his first Appointment had ydu atiy Bill upon him for Chala, previously delivered to him?

Yes — without Doubt.

How was that Bill discharged ?

By Lord Tankerville.

Was it not paid by Mr. Williams f

It was not.

Is it to be understood* that a Bill from you to Lord Tankercille, for Coals sold to him, was afterwards stated in the Post Office Account ?

Certainly — I was ordered to serve Lord Tankerville after his Appointment, and my Bill to be carried to Air. Williams to be put in the Post Office Bill, and it went signed by Lord Tankerville to the Post Office.

Had Mr. Williams any Share of the Profits?

Certainly not of toy Bill.

Did you continue to furnish Lord Tankerville during all the Time he was in the Post Office ?

Yes.

Did Mr. Williams never express to you any Alurfour or Complaint, that notwithstanding his being Coal Merchant to the Office you should be allowed to furnish the Post Master with Coals, and enjoy the Whole of the Profits upon the Coals so furnished ?

When I told Mr. Williams that I was to serve Lord Tankercille, I stated to him how long I had Served his Lordship; he stud he did not think it an unreasonable Thing — it was ho more than he would have asked himself — He also said he would direct me in the Methods of making out my Bills; and that Lord Tankerville must sign the Bill before be, Williams, could put it in his Account.

If Lord Carteret, Mr. Todd, and all the other Officers who have Allowances of Coals from the Office, were to employ their own Coal Merchants, and direct them to carry their Bills to you, would you not conceive it a Subject of Complaint ?

I should certainly think it a Hardship — I should nbt think it an Injustice.

Didyou agree to furnish Chals at the same Price to Lord Tankerville at which Mr. Williams, the Office Coal Merchant, did and would furnish him ?

Yes.

Did you serve him so ?

Yes.

Die Account being submitted to Mr. Peasley, and it being observed by a Member of the Committee to him, that on the 9th May 1782, it appears that Coals were charged as delivered to Lord Tankerville at the Rate of £.$,3, and on the 11th at the Rate of £.3, and that the intermediate Day* being the loth* Lord Cartbret was served at 46 Shillings by Mr. JVU&dms,

Coal Merchant to the Office* he was debited to explain it.

Mr. Williams certainly deceived me if it is so — I Certainly would have charged the same Price as he did, had I known it.

At what Time was you appointed Coal Merchant to the Office?

The Beginning of May 1785.

Was there ady Proposal made to you, on your being appointed Coal Merchant to the Post Office* to enter into Partnership with any Person'?

I was then, and had been for 18 or 19 Years, in Partnership with Mr. Mitchell, who is Servant to Lord Tankerville.

What waS thb Filth Of ytitir HbuSe Ten Years

828

23 "Mail.

A. 1787.

Report from I made out my Bills sometimes as George and

Commute! an<^ somct*mes 83 George and William

* Mitchell.

What Share of the Profits had Mr.

Before my Appointment to the Post Office he had One-third, and I had Two'; since the Appointment to the Post Office, Mitchell has Half.

How came Mr. Mitch Name not to be joined with yours, in the Appointment to the Post Office?

I was told at the Post Office, that the Appointment could not be in Two Names.

Who told you so ?

I cannot recollect

What Security did you give to Mr. Mitchell that he should have the Half?

A Bond.

Did you understand that Lord Tankeroille knew that such a Bond was given ?

No.

Did you understand that your giving a Bond to Mr. Mitchell, not for One-third of your Profits, which you state to have been his Share in the Partnership, but for One-half, was on Condition of your being appointed ?

Certainly not as a Condition from Lord ville.

Was the Bond given previous to the Appointment t No — afterwards.

Do you then conceive that no Tradesmen who are in Partnership, and who serve the Office, have different Shares of the Profits, according to tire Articles of their Partnership ?

No Doubt but they may.

Have you bad any Conversation about this Subject within the last Three Days ?

No.

Have you had, directly or indirectly, any Message from Lord Tankerville within these Three Days ?

Question objected to.

Witness withdrew.

Yes.

Called in again.

Did you, in consequence of that Message, personally attend Lord Tankerville?

Yes.

Are you in a Habit of receiving Messages from Lord Tankerville which require your Personal Attendance on him, and Communication with him ?

Certainly, because I do a great deal of Business for him, besides serving him with Coals — I was a Servant to his Father.

In the Communication that you had with him did any Thing pass on the Subject of the Bond granted by you to Mitchell, or which any way related to his Connection

with you ?

Nothing about the Bond, nor any Thing relative to Mr. Mitchell, or his Connection with me.

Did Lord Tankerville in any way endeavour to influence the Evidence you was to give at this Committee ?

Certainly not; nor any other Person whatever.

Did you regularly carry in your Bills, before you was appointed to the Post Office, to Mr.

Certainly.

Did he inspect them ?

I certainly suppose he did.

Did he ever make any Objections to any of your Charges, as being too high ?

No. Withdrew.

Mr. William Mitchell.

Are you in Partnership with Mr. Peasley?

Yes — I have been so 20 Years.

On his Appointment to the Post Office, did he enter into a Bond to give you for your Life, and to continue to your Family after your Death, Half the Profits of his Trade ?

Yes.

Was that Bond considered as a Condition of his Appointment ?

No.

Was Lord Tankeroille privy to it ?

He hever knew of it till last Night

Withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Todd.

Did you ever hear Lord Clarendon express any Opinion on the Subject of Mr. Dashwood's Dismission ?

No — not myself.

Did you ever bear from any other Person, that he had expressed any Opinion upon that Subject.

Yes — I heard from Mr. Saver land, that his Lordship considered his Dismission as a very hard Case under alL the Circumstances, and wished for an Opportunity to have served him.

Did you ever know any Instance of- a Captain, who had been guilty of the same Offence, being continued in the Service ?

I have known Instances of Captains that have sailed without their full Complement of Men, and have afterwards remained in the Service.

Do you know any Instances of Captains being continued in the Service who had not their full Complement of Men, whilst Lord Carteret was in Office — the Fact being known to the Board ?

Yes — and that Correspondence had been between the Secretary and the Agent at Falmouth, and the Fact clearly proved from that Correspondence; and, I suppose, Lord Carteret must of course have known it

Was that Correspondence laid before the Board ?

I dare say it is on the Minutes of the Board — I conceive it was the Duty of the Secretary to lay that Correspondence before the Board.

Can you specify what Captains?

-1 remember Captain Grove.

Can you state any Thing relative to the Capture of any Packets during the War ?

A great many were taken.

Were the Captures of such Packets, and the Conduct of the Captains who commanded them, regularly enquired into ?

I have not thought, in my own Opinion, that they were in many Instances.

Was it not the Duty of the Board to make such Enquiries ?

In my Situation it is not for me to say what was the Duty of the Board.

Was there, at any Time, a Suspicion of any Packets having been captured in Consequence of having gone out of their Course ?

I have heard Insinuations of that Kind: And no longer than Two Days ago, a Sailor, who was captured on Board the Swift Packet, in Company with the Speedy, in the Year 1782 or 1783, called at the Office, to say that he had not received the Forty Shillings Smart Money allowed for the Sailors taken. — -On examining him myself, with regard to this Capture by Two French Frigates, I told him, I had heard that those Frigates had marked their Ports, and that those Two Packets took them for Virginia Tobacco Ships — chased them in order to take them, and so were taken themselves. — The Man would not admit that the Packets had chased; but said, if they had known what, they were when they first saw them, they might easily have escaped.

Was

27 Geo. III. 23° 829

Was the Conduct of those Two Captains enquired into ?

I do not know that any particular Enquiry was made into it; but I had mentioned my Suspicion, that they were taken when out of their proper Latitude, and that they ought not to have sailed so long in Company together, according to their respective Destinations.

Has not Mr. Todd a Profit of 2 { Cent, on the' Indemnification allowed by Government to the Captains and Owners of such Packets as were captured or damaged by the Enemy during the War?

I believe he has — of Two that I had Shares in he had.

Do you know on any Occasion an Instance of a small Vessel being employed instead of a Packet, which was in so bad a Condition as not to be able to put to Sea?

The Anna Theresa, at the Beginning of the War, was in so rotten a State, that the Sailors refused to go in her; and a Vessel of about 70 Tons was substituted for her, with a small Number of Hands.

Was she paid at the same Rate as the Packet, in the room of which she was substituted ?

Yes.

What was the Size of the Anna Theresa?

About 230 Tons.

Did the Secretary forbid you to enter the Letter which you wrote to Mr. Bell in the Books?

No — I left it with Mr. Todd, and never heard of it since.

Withdrew.

Adjourned to

Luna, 2t* die Mali 1787.

Committee on Post Office.

Mr. Francis,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam,

Mr. Amtruther, . Lord Maitland,

Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Courtenay.

Mr. Windham,

Mr. Charles Martin examined.

What do you know relative to the Appointment of Mr. Hutchinson to Helvoetsluys?

In Spring, or early in the Summer last Year, Mr. Hutchinson was in Town, and acquainted me with the Negociation between him and Mr. which he said he was soliciting the Office of Agent at Heh’oetsluys from Lord Tankerville and Lord Carteret; and if he succeeded, as from the Recommendations he had to those Noblemen he hoped he should, he was to give Mr. Molyneux a Sum of Money, which was to enable him to get himself discharged from a French Prison, where he was confined. To raise this Money, he proposed to sell his Commission of Adjutant to the Middlesex Militia. He was appointed to the Agency, as I understood, with the Concurrence of both Post Masters, as he mentioned them both as equally disposed to befriend him.

Have you not heard Mr. Hutchinson express his Anxiety that the Business should be finished previous to Lord Tankerville's going out of Office, lest it should

not be so easy to manage afterwards?

To the best of my Recollection I frequently heard him express himself to that Effect.

Did Mr. Hutchinson ever tell you Lord Tankerville was privy to, or favoured, this Transaction ?

The Conversations respecting both Post Masters were so general, it was impossible to distinguish.

Can you tell whether the Post Masters General were privy to, and favoured, this Transaction, being acquainted with all the Circumstances of it?

Vol. 42.

Impossible for me to answer.

Did Mr. Hutchinson ever tell you so ?

Always mentioned both Post Masters as One. I always understood, from the whole Tenor of his Conversation, that they were equally acquainted with the Negociation between him and Mr. Molyneux.

Did he tell you so directly ?

I cannot recollect.

Had you ever any Communication with either of the Post Masters on the Subject?

No.

Is Mr. Molyneux a Friend of Lord Carteret's or Lord Tankerville's?

I know nothing of his Connections.

By whose Interest did you suppose that Mr. Hutchinson obtained his Appointment?

I understood from him that he was applying equally to both.

Did you ever hear him say he was more favoured by one than the other ?

Never.

Withdrew.

Mr. Leslie Grove examined.

I am a Merchant in London.

Did not you command a Packet in the Service of the Post Office ?

I did.

Do you ever recollect having been at Sea without your full Complement of Men?

Never intentionally, unless Men died or deserted.

Do you know that it is generally considered as a great Crime for a Captain of a Packet to sail without his full Complement ?

I ever considered it so.

Would you not consider it as a Fraud to dismiss a Number of your Men after they had been mustered, and before sailing?

Most assuredly.

Did you ever know that, either at the Conclusion of a War, or at any other Time, it had been connived at to allow Captains of Packets to sail without their full Complement ?

I never did; nor do I believe it ever was. I never heard of but Two Instances of its being done, and then the Captains were both dismissed.

From your Knowledge of every Thing that relates to the Packets, what do you conceive would be the Consequence if they were not to be allowed Full Pay while re-fitting, or otherwise unemployed ?

That their Contract must be much larger — their Allowance of Wear and Tear must be much larger. I do not believe there is any Service conducted at less Expence to the Government than the Packet Service, carried on as it is.

Do you conceive, that upon this Principle, Full Pay ought to be continued to Packets under Seizure for Smuggling ?

I do not consider their being seized, at the Period when Repairs are necessary, should make any Alteration.

When did you quit the Packet Service?

In 1777 or 1778.

Do you know if there has any material Alteration taken Place in the Management of the Packet Service since that Period ?

I do not believe any — I am satisfied there has been none.

Do you believe, that if the Contract was to be made in the Packet Service for their being paid solely for the Time they are employed, that the Service could be carried on, on more advantageous Terms to Government ?

The Contractor would then expect to have so much more as would bring it to the same.

10 B Did

Report from Post Office Committee.

8 Jo 23* Mail. A. 1787.

Report from Did you not think that the utmost Exertions were Post Office made to keep the Captains in the Service strictly to Committee, their Duty, during the Time you was in the Service yourself?

Most assuredly they were; and no Complaint against any of them ever passed over by the Office.

Did you not think there was great Attention paid to the conducting of every Thing in as economical a Manner as possible, by the Office ?

I certainly do; in some Cases rather too strictly so.

Do you think that the Secretary of the Post Office receiving £.2J per Cent, on the Expenditure relating to Packets, is an economical Measure, or advantageous to the public Service?

I cannot pretend to say.

Was it not customary for the Captains of the Packets in general to discharge the greater Parts of their Crews on their arrival at Falmouth

I never did it myself, but when I replaced them as soon after as I possibly could.

Did you ever hear of any other Captains doing so ?

I do not recollect, unless under the same Circumstances.

Did you, during the intermediate Time between their Discharge and Replacement by new Sailors, receive the full Allowance for Wages and Victualing?

Certainly I did, because it was a Part of my Contract.

Do not you believe that more Packets were employed, than were necessary to carry on the Service ?

I do not believe there ever were more than were absolutely necessary; nor do I think they have a sufficient Number at present for conducting the Service with Propriety.

Do you mean to declare your Opinion to be, that if a Packet should be actually employed but Three or Four Months in a Year, the full Establishment of such Packet should be paid by the Public, for the whole Year?

She is always to be considered as ready for the Service, therefore her Establishment could not with Propriety or Justice be lessened.

Withdrew.

Captain Clark examined.

I am Captain of a Packet — the Charlotte.

Is is not generally considered as a Crime of a great Magnitude, to sail without a full Complement of Men?

I have always considered it so.

Would you not consider it as a greater Crime to dismiss a Number of your Men, after they had been mustered, and before sailing ?

Certainly.

Do you believe, that either at the Conclusion of a War, or at any other'Time, it has been connived at, to allow the Captains of the Packets to sail without their full Complements ? *

I believe it never has.

If you had had your Men -mustered, and afterwards discharged a Number of them before you sailed, what would you have expected to have been your Punishment?

To have been dismissed the Service.

From your Knowledge of the Packet Service, do you or do you not think that it would have been of the most essential Detriment, if the Post Master General, on the Knowledge of the Fact respecting Captain

Dashwood, had neglected to have made an Example of him ?

I think it would.

What was the general Opinion of the Service with regard to his Dismission ?

With those I conversed with, it was thought unavoidable.

Did you ever observe any Abuses in the Regulation of the Packet Service ?

I think there is One Thing we want, and that is, Military Discipline among our Men.

Withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Todd, examined.

Was the Correspondence which you state to have passed between the Secretary and the Agent at Falmouth, relative to Captains who had sailed without their full Complement, entered on the Letter Book of the Post Office ?

There are certainly several.

Can you state any particular Correspondence?

That of Captain Grove.

Did it appear that he sailed without his full Complement ?

From the West India Isles he did. He said they run away, and he could get no others.

Ought he to have been mustered in the West

Certainly, if he came from Jamaica.

Is it customary for the Post Masters in the West Indies to send over a Muster Roll ?

Yes.

Was such Muster sent Home in the Case of Captain

Grove?

Cannot say; but if there was, it is destroyed before now.

Do. you know whether it has been customary for Captains on their Arrival at Falmouth, to discharge the greater Part of their Crew' ?

Many of them have done it — I bel:?ve the greatest Part; and I have given full Information of that myself to the Post Office; and I believe no Stops have been taken to redress them; and I stated it in the Paper I gave to Lord Tankerville and Mr.

Had any Representations been made to the Board on the Subject of Mr. Bell's Misconduct, previous to your being sent to Falmouth ?

Many Instances of Mr. Bell's Neglect and Misconduct had come to the Knowledge of the Board — neither Accounts nor Remittances could be got from him; and Mr. Fauquier, the Accouiptant General, frequently had complained on that Head.

Was any Enquiry instituted in Consequence ?

Not that appeared to me sufficient Enquiry; for if a proper Enquiry had been made into the Whole of Mr. Bell's Conduct, the various Frauds and" Abuses that appeared after his Death that he had been guilty of must have come to the Knowledge of the Board; and the Frauds I mean to state to tins Committee, were Forgeries of Receipts for Pensions to several Persons who had been dead for some Years; selling the King’s Warlike Stores belonging to the Post Office, and not bringing the Money to Account; being in Receipt of large Sums of Money for the Revenue, which he did not bring to Account; and though there was no Trace of it in his Books of the Office, I substantiated a Receipt of upwards of £. 2,000 I believe, which must be lost to the Revenue, as his Securities are not, I believe, equal to pay it.

Did not Mr. Todd make the Enquiry which substantiated the Receipt of the £. 2,000, iu Consequence of being ordered so to do ?

Yes.

Were there not Complaints against Mr. Bell, and strong Suspicions of his improper Conduct, which might have warranted an Enquiry long prior to that Period, when Enquiry was instituted, and were they not known to the Board ?

I think there were Suspicions that might demand an Euquiry; and I myself had at various Times represented to Mr. Todd, that he was improper for the Office.

11 Appendix,

*7 Geo. III.

Appendix, N* 10.

General Post Office, (Extract) November 8th, 1784.

I have for some Days expected, with a Degree of Anxiety, Lord Carteret's Answer to your Lordship’s Letter, which I have now the Honour to inclose; and his Lordship having thought proper to accompany it with a few Lines to me, as having a perfect Knowledge of this disagreeable Business about Mr. - from the first; 1 should be wanting, at so critical a Moment, in my Duty to you both, and not at all corresponding with the Character I hope through Lite to maintain, if I hesitated to interpose and freely deliver my Opinion to your Lordship, that as Lord Carteret professes the most hearty Desire to live in Harmony and Confidence with your Lordship, and I know this Declaration to be true, but cannot bring

himself to sign Mr.-----’s Commission, as he has

been justly dismissed by him and Lord Foley, upon the clearest Proof of his Guilt, and, to my Knowledge too, under his own Confession, your Lordship must at once appoint some other Person, which will end the whole Affair; and nothing is easier than by an Answer of Two Lines to say your Lordship did not at first see the Matter in so strong a Light, and therefore now most readily give it up, as indeed you must both wish and ought to do concerning every Person or Thing which might not be agreeable to the other.

Your Lordship will never be sorry for this small Condescension towards so well-disposed a Man, as for certain you will experience Lord Carteret to be upon all Occasions; and I beg your Lordship will authorize me to propose a Day for your meeting at the Board here, and to accept a Dinner. — I pray your Lordship to allow your Letter of Reconciliation to pass through my Hands; and to believe me, with the greatest Respect, 8$c.

Anth. Todd.

To the Earl of Tankercillc.

Appendix, No. 10. A.

(A ns *) Brighton November 10th, 84.

I understand from you, that " I must at once ap-n point some other Person, which will end the whole " Affair; " and then follows the Form of the Letter which I ought to write. But as I do not implicitly adhere to all the good Advice you are so ready to give, I shall do neither one nor the other; and having stated the whole Affair impartially to different People, I am infinitely more confirmed in my own Opinion than I was, that Lord Carteret has taken up this Matter with much too high a Hand, and with a Degree of unremitting relentless Severity, which the Circumstances of the Case do not justify.

Yours, 8$c.

T.

Appendix, N" to B.

831

Mr. Dashwood, or I should certainly have mentioned it to him; and whatever may be the Result of this Business, I have given a recent and very strong Proof of my Readiness to concur with liira, much against mv Opinion, Inclination, and Duty, which nothing but the most earnest W ish to preserve a good Understanding should have prevailed on me to have done, as you well know, from the Letter I immediately wrote you on that Subject. You may communicate as much as you please of this, though it is hastily written.

Yours,

T.

Appendix, N* to C.

My Lord,

As much as I respect and desire to obey your Lordship, I dare not import or even to intimate the Purport of your Letter of last Saturday to Lord Carteret, unless I receive your Lordship’s peremptory Command so to do by Return of Post; and in that Case, though very reluctantly, I must obey you, for I do think your Ground is not tenable; for as Lord Carteret has dismissed Mr. Dashwood for an acknowledged Fraud, how can he now appoint him to a Trupt under himself? Therefore, my Lord, in whatever else you may be inclined to stand your Ground, suffer me to persuade your Lordship, in this Case, to write a Letter yourself, saying, without Particulars Der-haps, that you decline the Appointment of Mr. Dashwood, which will make all Matters smooth until you meet; and indeed on the present Account I do not urge the bolding a Board until that is adjusted; and I may say, it is lucky for this Time, Lord Carteret does not come till towards the End of next Month, in his Way to Lord IVeyryoutfi.

Yours* <£c.

Anth. Todd.

The Earl of Tankerville.

Appendix, N° 10. D.

I shall not be disposed to talk coolly on the Subject of Mr. Dashwood, or bear any Thing you may have to say, unless yon can prove hi® gwlty of Fraud, which I do not admit, but now tell you distinctly, that I believe Lord Carteret has been indebted to you for that forced Construction.

I hope to find every Thing ready, ps I must leave the Office at Four at latest.

T.

Appendix, N° 10. E.

I am sorry to say, your Lordship is the only Post Master General I haye not had the Happiness to serve under with their perfect Approbation; but I hope on Wednesday, by an open and fair Discussion, to have it understood for the future, that whilst I act up* rightly, fair, and open, I may be treated with Confidence and Regard, and not with Harshness, which I cannot submit to.

230 M.

(Ans4 25 Oct.) Brig, October 23d, 84.

I have not as yet wrote to I^ord Carteret, having been a good deal engaged; and indeed I wished to be more reconciled to the Negative put upon my Nomination, the Propriety of which I am by no Means convinced of However, 1 do not find that I cool very fast, or shall be easily prevailed on to believe, that this Matter has not been taken up with much too high a Hand, which ill suits w'ith me. I really had not the most distant Idea that Lord Carteret would have objected to the Appointment of

Vol. 42,

Appendix, N# to p.

Haynes, December 19th 1784.

Dear Sir,

When I wrote to you before, I intended giving the Accountant’s Place in the Penny Post Office to Mr. Stanton, thinking (although it is of not Half the Value of a Surveyor) that it might put an End to every Thing that had the Appearance of a Difference between Lord Tankerville and myself — You mention in your last Letter that Lord Tankerville said, in that Case Mr. Stanton ought not to have the Allowance we agreed

to

Report froqj Post Office Committee.

83$ 33 9 M* -tf. 1787.

Report from to give him, in Consideration of the Loss be had sus- Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther

Pon Office tained at Isleworth. Should I give him this Place, Committee. surely |t can have nothing to do with his other Appointment. — When I come to Town I shall do myself the Pleasure of calling upon Lord that we may talk over all these Things which have happened since I saw him last; for as he and I have never differed in any Matter that we ourselves have talked upon, and I do not find myself less inclined to agree with him than formerly, I dare say we shall not find much Difficulty in settling every Thing to our mutual Satisfaction.

Yours, sincerely,

Carteret.

Appendix, N° 10. G.

Lord Tankerville thinks, upon Recollection, that the Words, " not wantonly create a new Precedent of Official Expence," do not stand Part of his Letter to Mr. Todd, but that they were used in the Discussion of the Question, and therefore wishes they may not be annexed to that Letter. — Lord Tankerville cannot, at this Distance of Time, recollect whether he returned any Answer to Mr. Todd's Letter respecting Stanton, or not, or whether he ever objected to Stanton; it is possible he might — Lord Tankeiville recollects thinking that Injustice had been done Mr. but

does not recollect ever proposing to Lord Carteret to concur in his Appointment after his first Refusal; though possibly he might, in a Letter to Mr. Todd, have questioned the Propriety of Lord Cartavt's refusing to concur in the Appointment in the first Instance. — Lord- Tankerville had received very strong Recommendations of Mr. Dashwood, and his Case had been represented to him very differently from what it is in Mr. Todd's Letter. — Lord Tankerville does not recollect that Mr. Todd stated any Objection to Mr. Dashwood, when his Name was given in, nor till after Lord Carteret's Letter to Lord Tankerville at Brighthelmstone: The Matter was dropped, and Lord Tankerville does not admit that there was any Appearance of Misunderstanding between them on that Account, or that any Consequences resulted from it. — Lord Tankerville states this, lest he should from Want of Memory have been inaccurate in his Evidence, upon a Matter in which he could wish to give the most satisfactory Information.

Lord Tankerville omitted to state, in his Evidence respecting the House-keeper’s Bill, that he offered to subscribe Half the Sum, rather than concur in the Payment of it out of the Revenue.

Tankerville.

Appendix, N° 10. H.

I have had a very unpleasant Day of it, his Lordship is so compleatly jealous and wrong-headed; so without entering into unpleasing Particulars, I had better leave him to his own Thoughts; only I must beg of your Lordship to write me a short Letter, signifying you have received mine of this Day, with Lord Tankerville's therein, " That he believed your Lordship has been indebted to me for the forced " Construction of Fraud put on Mr. s Con-

" duct;" but that you are ready to assure his Lordship, and all the World if it was necessary, that I did not, upon Mr. Dashwood's being proposed for a Surveyor, point out to you his Misconduct; for you remembered the Transaction but too well yourself which - compelled you, much against your Heart, jointly with Lord l'oley, to dismiss him; and all Men admitted the Justice of his Sentence as well as himself

Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, punting with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House; ' *wr

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Grey, 1

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Alderman Nam- > 16.

[ ham: J

Tellers for the Noes, Caw: } ,20' So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, ap- Report from pointed to inspect and consider the Returns made by Committee the Overseers of the Poor, relative to the State of the Poor, and also by the Ministers and Churchwardens, Returns, relative to Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, and to report, from Time to Time, their Observations thereupon to the House, and how far the Directions of the said Acts have or have not been complied with; That the Committee had inspected and considered the said Returns accordingly, and had caused an Abstract to be formed of the Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor; and had also made some Observations upon all the said Returns; which Abstract and Observations they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House*

The said Report is preserved among the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original,'

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord* the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Al?*nl<?m*nt* tituled. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several i^^loiur^BUl Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- agreed to mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Melbourne and King's Newton, in the Parish and Lordship of Melbourne, in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed); viz.

Pr. 54. 1. 37. Leave out " as," and insert " and " shall be recoverable by Distress and Entry out of and " upon the Lands allotted or " to be allotted to the said Lay " Impropriator in lieu of his " Tythes, as fully as the same *

" might have been recovered."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords: and acquaint them, that this House -hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the Lauder, Ilad-House, of the 25th day of November 1708, for taking dington, into Consideration that Part of the Act for uniting the "nU Two Kingdoms, which relates to the Election of Members to serve in this House for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of November 1708, of the Petition and Representation of Alexander

Irving,

Other Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Hasrings ft ported.

27 GEO; III.

23° Mail.

Irving, of Drum, Alexander Gordon, of Thomas

Erskin, of Pittodry, and James , of

Barons and Freeholders within the Shire of Aberdeen, in Behalf of themselves and others, having a Right to vote ih Elections for Members of Parliament, and to be legally represented in the House of Commons of Great Britain, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the jd Day of 1708,

of the Proceedings of the House, upon taking into Consideration that Part of the Act for the uniting the Two Kingdoms, which relates to the Election of Members to serve in this House for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 18th Day of November 17 55,of the Proceedings of the House, on the Motion for a new Writ to be made out for electing a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the Shire of Dumfries, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Douglas, Esquire, commonly called Lord Charles Douglas, become the eldest Son of a Peer of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Lauder, Haddington, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Jedburgh, in the room of Francis Charteris, Esquire, Junior, of

now become the eldest Son of a Peer of Scotland, and thereby incapable of representing the said District of Burghs in this House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Seven-night;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Lord Elcho withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the’ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Lauder, Haddington, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Jedburgh, in the room of Francis Charteris, Esquire, Junior, of Aimsfield, now become the eldest Son of a Peer of Scotland, and thereby incapable of representing the said District of Burghs in this House.

Mr. Burke, from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, acquainted the House, That the Committee had prepared several other Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Further Articles (being the Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth) exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against him for High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

ARTICLE EIGHTH.

"Whereas a certainr Territory in India, known by the Vol. 42.

*3$

Name Of the Sabah of Oude was, oh or about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, governed by a native Mahometan Prince or Viceroy, a great Chief of the Mogul Empire, and Vizier thereof, called the Nabob Vizier Sujah ul Dowlah, which Sujah ul Dowlah having been defeated in Battle, and expelled from his Dominions, by the Arms of the East India Company, and being afterwards; by those acting under that Company, restored to his Government, did, on or about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, enter into a Treaty with the East India Company, commonly called The Treaty of Benares, by which the said Company did, under certain Conditions and Stipulations, and for a certain Annual Subsidy in the said Treaty expressed, agree to maintain a Body of British Troops for the Defence of his Territories; and the said Vizier Sujah ul Dowlah did, by the Assistance of the East India Company's Forces, as also in Consideration of Money to theni paid, or to be paid, obtain several large Accessions to his Dominions; namely, The Territories of Rohilctind% the Duab Corah Khorrah, and Allahabad:

And whereas the said Sujah ul Dowlah, in or about’ the Month of February One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, died possessed of the Territories aforesaid; and his Son, Asoph ul Dowlah, did succeed to the same, and, by the Influence of the East India Company on the Mogul Emperor, obtained a Grant of the Dignity and Authority of Vizier, which his Father had possessed; and the said Asoph ul Dowlah having been Chiefly supported in the Succession, and established in the Dignity aforesaid, by the Power and Influence of the said East India Company, and, from the internal and external Circumstances of his Country> finding such Assistance as had formerly been given to his Father by the said Company become absolutely necessary, did, on the Twenty-first of May One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, make a new Treaty with the East India Company, for the Support on certain Conditions, and the Payment of a certain Subsidy, of a Brigade of their Troops to be employed in his Defence, and did afterwards consent to take other large Bodies of Troops belonging to the said Company into his Pay:

And whereas the said Asoph ul Dowlah did veiy soon become, in his own Estimation, and in that of the neighbouring Potentates, as well as in the Opinion of the British Government of Bengal, a Dependant on the East India Company, as in Truth and in Fact he substantially was; and the English Name and Character were reputed to be, and were concerned in every Act of his Government, and the Influence and Power of the Governor General and Council of Fort William were immediately or mediately sufficient to all Acts of Authority within the said Province of Oude, and its Dependencies, and were, in Fact, both mediately and immediately employed for the same; and the Governor General and Council were bound by their Duty, and by the Regard which they ought to have had to the Honour of the English Name, to pitwide for the good Order and Prosperity of the Provinces, from whence this Nation did derive eminent Advantages, and to take proper Measures that the Troops kept up as aforesaid should not, by their excessive Number, their ill Composition, their ill Distribution, their ill Discipline, or their ill economy, become a Grievance to the Country they were intended to protect; and it was the bounden Duty of the said Governor General and Council to take Care that the Ease, Security, and Honour of the Prince and his Family should be consulted and provided for; and it was contrary to the clear Duty of the said Governor General and Council, and of any or all of them, in anywise to countenance or suffer, much more to authorize and direct, any Acts of Oppression or Peculation within the said Provinces;

And whereas the said Province of Oude was, at the

10 C Beginning

Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Hastings.

8$4 23 Q Mail.A. 1787.

Arndts of Beginning of the British Interference therein, in a mtMt against flourishing Condition with regard to Culture, Com- Mr. Hastings. merce, and Population, and the Territories added to that Province by the British Power were particularly and eminently distinguished for their high Cultivation, and their consequent Opulence; and the said Company’s Government was particularly bound to the Protection and good Government of Countries which by them were taken from their original Rulers, and given over to the Charge of another Authority dependant on the said Company: But the said Countries did, from the Time in which they ought to have profited by the said Protection, most rapidly decline, and did fall into a most miserable State of Decay, Indigence, Waste, and Depopulation; And this ill State of Things was, in a great Measure, owing to the criminal Acts and criminal Neglects of Warren Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, and his Agents — for he the said Warren Hastings, entertaining base and corrupt Views of Profit to himself, and to the evil Instruments of his Power, from the Wealth of those Provinces, from the good Administration of which he ought to have looked for Honour to himself, and to his Country, did, upon receiving a Representation in Writing from the then British Resident, John Bristow, Esquire, dated Twenty-second January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, concerning the disordered State of the said Provinces, arising from the Neglects of the Nabob Vizier, the said Asaph ul Dowlah, and the excessive Power and Mismanagement of his Favourites, Persons of no Worth, and known to the said Warren Hastings, and by him often declared to be of that Description; in which Representation the said Bristow declared that the only Remedy for the said Disorders was to be found in the Assistance and Protection of the English; he the said Warren Hastings, instead of affording the said Assistance and Protection, and supporting and encouraging the said Bristow in making such true and judicious Representations as might lead to a useful and effectual Reform of the said Abuses, and instead of instructing and authorizing him the said Bristow to . tidee fit Measures for preventing the Growth of the said Abuses, and thereby preserving the said Country from impending Ruin, did, maliciously and against his Duty, discountenance the said Bristow, by removing him, soon after he had made the said Representation, from his Office of Resident aforesaid, contrary to the Standing Orders of the Court of Directors, and without any Complaint; and he the said Warren Hastings did wilfully neglect to take any effectual Measures for the Redress of the Grievances of the said Provinces, or rectifying the Abuses subsisting the rein; and the said Warren Hastings, in Contempt of the said lawful Authority, did insist that the Company's Resident at Oude was a representative Character, and ought to be of his own Nomination, and not of theirs, and that he ought to have, and would have, in that Office a Person of his own Choice, and in whom he could place Confidence, or to that Effect. And he the said Warren Hastings did accordingly appoint to the said Office a Creature of his own, namely, Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, being the more especially a fit Instrument for his evil Purposes, as having on a former Occasion preferred the Advantages which he might derive from the Favour of the said Hastings to his Duty,

and refused to deliver to the lawful Authority of the Council General, from him requiring it, his Correspondence with the said Warren Hastings, whilst he the said Middleton was Resident in Oude, during the Life Time of the aforesaid Nabob Vizier ul

Dowlah, but delivered the same privately to the said JVatrenHastings, to be by him destroyed or suppressed, and the same hath been since suppressed or destroyed; and he the said Warren Hastings did send the said Middleton into Oude, in the Character and Capacity of

Resident and Collector of the Company’s Assignments in that Province; but no effectual Provision was made in this new Appointment, or in Consequence thereof, to relieve the Distresses of the Country, or to check the Disorders in its Government, which Distresses and Disorders were daily increasing:

And whereas the said Nabob Vizier Asoph ul Dowlah did, in or about the Month of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, represent in Writing to the said Wwren Hastings the declining State of his Country, and the extreme Distress of his Court, Dependants, and Family, in strong and moving Terms, and did therein detail several affecting Particulars of the said Distress, as by Reference to the said Representation will appear; and the said Representation the Resident at Oude did declare to be true; and the Truth thereof the said Warren Hastings, did not at the Time attempt to controvert, and he hath since directly admitted that the said Representation was founded in Truth; yet, notwithstanding the Representation, Attestation, and Admission aforesaid, he the said Warren Hastings, maliciously and corruptly intending and contriving to oppress the said Nabob Vizier Asoph ul Dowlah, his Family and his Country, for his own evil Purposes, and that he might, by encreas-ing Disorder in the Government of Oude, drive the said Asoph ul Dowlah to the Necessity of purchasing his Mercy and Forbearance, did positively, and in a most insolent and offensive Manner, in his Minutes of the Thirteenth and Fifteenth of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, refuse to afford to the said Nabob Vizier the Relief by him humbly and earnestly solicited, or any the smallest Part or Portion thereof; and though he did attribute the Distresses of the Country, which disabled the Vizier, the said Sujah ul Dowlah, from maintaining the Establishments by him complained of, to the Vices of the said Vizier s own Character, which bad influenced his Government, yet he said Warren Hastings did neither pursue any effectual Measure whatever, for correcting the Vices of the said Nabob’s Government, nor for enabling him, by a better economy, to support the Burthen which he thus, against his Will, continued upon this degraded Prince, and the undone Inhabitants of his Country; notwithstanding that the Authority and Influence of the said Warren Hastings was full as competent in Right, and as justifiable at the least in Practice, to protect the Country of Oude from Waste and Oppression, as to load it with the Burthen of Military Establishments authorized by no Treaty, Stipulation, or Agreement, and kept up against the strongest Remonstrances of its Prince: And the said Warren Hastings, falsely pretending that the Danger of the Company’s Affairs, and their Inability to charge themselves with Forces, which he did assert to be necessary, did oblige and compel the said Nabob Vizier to keep up the same; when he did at another Time, and after he had received Bribes from the said Nabob Vizier and his Ministers (that is to say) in his Letter to Edward Esquire, dated

the Twenty-ninth of November One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and at sundry other Times since, declare, that the keeping up the Establishments aforesaid was ruinous to the Country of Oude', an Injury, not an Advantage; a Burthen, and not a Resource to the Company’s Revenues; and that the Reduction and disbanding of the same would be an instant Relief to our pecuniary Distresses, or to that Effect.

That the said Warren Hastings, in order to prevent any further Remonstrances concerning the Grievances, which he was bound to hear, and which he was able, and ought to have been willing, to redress, did, for hb said corrupt, oppressive, and tyrannical Purposes, on the Records of the said Company, declare, that the said Remonstrances, and the Season they were made 9 i».

257 Geo. III.

253 ® Mail

in, did give Cause for the most alarming Suspicions; and he the said Warren Hastings did stigmatize as In-

cendiaries, and did threaten that he would, as far as his Influence could produce that Effect, bring to Punishment, those who advised such Remonstrances, or employed Words or Declarations to that Purpose; thereby not only refusing to relieve the Distresses of the Country, but endeavouring even to prevent Complaint from being brought to the Ears of the Council at Bengal, or to the Court of Directors at Home.

That, notwithstanding the Menaces aforesaid, farther Remonstrances, on the Part of the said Nabob of Oude, were made to the said Warren Hastings, to the same Purpose, and rejected as the former; namely, on the Twenty-fourth of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, as also on the Fifteenth of May in the same Year, and no Relief was given, or attempted to be given, by him the said Warren Hastings, on the said Subject, in any Measure or in any Manner whatever. And the said Warren Hastings did continue the said Grievances until (according to his own Opinion, given in Writing, on the Records of the Council Books) he bad little Reason to be sanguine in his Expectation that even his own Endeavours would be attended with much Success, in restoring the said Country to its ancient Condition, in any Time he could spare for the Purpose, or to that Effect; confessing thereby the Effects of his criminal Refusal to afford a timely Relief to the Distresses of Oude, which had been so frequently and so urgently represented to him.

ARTICLE NINTH.

That a Year, or thereabouts, after the last public Remonstrance, and after the said Warren Hastings had attributed the Sufferings of Oude to the Nabob’s own Nature and Character, and branded the Representers of the Grievances of Oude as Incendiaries, and as Persons fit to be brought to Punishment, and their Requests at that Season as giving Cause to the most alarming Suspicions, as aforesaid, the said Warren Hastings, having driven the Parties complaining to such Distress as he thought might oblige them to offer Bribes to him for their Ransom, did suddenly and corruptly alter his Language, although there was then no Difference in the Situation of Affairs, with regard to foreign Wars or Enemies, from that in which they stood when he had refused all Relief to the Vizier in the peremptory and offensive Manner aforesaid; and he did, in his Minute of the Twenty-first of May One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, himself represent the Province of Oude as fallen into great Disorder and Confusion; and that its Resources were in an extraordinary Degree diminished; and did thereon propose in Council, himself and Mr. Wheler being at that Time the only Members, a Delegation to himself, containing new, dangerous, and exorbitant Powers, relative to the Regulation of the Affairs of the said Nabob of Oude, with such Authority to enforce the same as the Governor General and Council might and would exercise on Occasions in which they would be warranted to exercise the same by the Claims which the said Company hold, or may have, on the Dominions of the said Nabob; and the said Commission did also give to the said Warren Hastings exorbitant general Powers with regard to the making of Treaties, and War and Peace, and did declare, that all such Acts, and all such Engagements or Treaties made as aforesaid, should be binding on the Governor General and Council, in the same Manner, and as effectually, as if they had been passed and done by the special and immediate Concurrence and actual Sanction of the Governor General and Council in Council assembled.

That the said Commission, given as aforesaid by the said IV arrenHastings to himself, was destructive to the

Vol. 42.

835

Constitution of the said Council, contrary to the Articles of Standing Orders of the said East India Company, impeach-and to the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Ma- '"en' jesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Re- r" asbn$!’" " gulations for the better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well in India as " in Europe" And the said Warren Hastings did himself conceive and understand, that the said Commission was illegal, he having, in his Minute of the Third of July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, declared his Opinion that the whole Power of the Government, on his Departure^ would legally vest in his sole Colleague Edward Wheler,

Esquire; and yet he did, in the same Paper or Minute, attempt to divide the Powers which the said Wheler possessed by the legal Constitution of the Board, and to limit, them to those not given, by the aforesaid illegal Commission, to him the said Warren Hastings, and that to make an unwarrantable and unlawful Agreement for a Partition of the Power between him the said Warren Hastings and his said Colleague^ which had been by Act of Parliament collectively and integrally given to the said Governor General and Council in Council duly assembled; but the said Warren Hastings, foreseeing that one or the other of these divided Authorities must be illegal, and the said Wheler not knowing with Certainty whether, in the Issue, that delegated to him might not be found insufficient, he, the said Warren Hastings, in order to satisfy the said Wheler, did contrive and devise an illegal Remedy for any Acts which the said Wheler might illegally perform, on the Supposition of the Invalidity of his Authority, the same having been before, in its most essential Parts, wholly delegated, in Effect, to the said Warren Hastings, by engaging in a written Instrument under his Signature, that, so far as his, the said Warren Hastings's, Sanction should be, or should be deemed necessary, he the said Wheler should receive that Sanction to all his Measures, or to that Effect; though he the said Warren Hastings neither did nor could know what those Measures might be.

And it does not appear that there was any justifiable or even colourable Act done by the said Warren Hastings, in his Negociations with the Vizier, in virtue of the aforesaid illegal Commission, which might not have been at least equally well done, and with less Question as to its Validity, by the British Resident at the Court of Oude, or any other Person deputed legally by him; by which unwarrantable Assumption of unconstitutional and irregular Power, wholly foreign to his ordinary Duty, and wholly unnecessary for any good or legitimate Purpose, and his attempting to enforce and cover the same by so many intricate and subtle Devices, he did discredit the Office of Governor General, and the British Government, in the Eyes of the Natives of India, and in those of the Company’s Servants, by furnishing a strong Ground for Suspicion, that he did proceed in proposing and accepting this Delegation upon Motives as corrupt and criminal as his Commission was illegal.

And the said Warren Hastings did proceed to meet the Vizier A soph ul Dawlah, in consequence of the said illegal Commission, at a great and unnecessary Charge to the East India Company, and did scandalously and corruptly take an unlawful Gift or Bribe from the said Vizier Asoph ul Dawlah and his Ministers, to the Amount of One hundred thousand Pounds, or some other great sum of Money; and did on the Nineteenth of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, at a Place called enter into

a Treaty or Agreement, commonly called The Treaty of Chunar, in which he did consent to certain Propositions which, previous to the said Treaty, he bad always refused, namely, either to the Reduction of certain large Bodies of Tropps in the Pay of the Nabob Vizier, or to the charging the Expences of them, or

some

1;

y 1

1 ,

1

»36 33* Mail A. 1787,

Articles of «ome of them, on the India Company, and with-

Impeach- drawing them from the Dominions of the Nabob of

went against Oudc; which Stipulation or Treaty, if not agreeable r. astings. jrue interest of the East India Company, he was and is culpable for having made; but if the same was a Treaty fit to be made, the same ought to have been by him faithfully kept and observed. notwithstanding which his Treaty and Agreement he did, a veiy short Time after making the same, perfidiously, and to the Dishonour of this Nation, violate his own and the Public Faith, in putting the Troops aforesaid, or some of them, or other Troops equally burthensome, on the Establishment of at a great Charge to the said Vizier Asaph ul and contrary to

the true Intent and Meaning of the said Treaty, and contrary to the Will and Inclination of the said Vizier, who being in entire Subjection to the said Warren Hastings, was obliged at length to consent, or rather to submit, to whatever he should direct.

And whereas the said Warren Hastings did engage; by the First Article of the said Treaty, wholly to exonerate the said Vizier from the Charge of all English Gentlemen in a Civil or Military Capacity (with certain Exceptions in the Article made) who received Pensions or Allowances from the Revenues of Oude, admitting the same to be an intolerable Burthen on the Vizier; yet he, the said Warren Hastings, having no Regard to the Faith of his Engagements entered into by him on the Part of the East India Company, but solely intent on the Pursuit of his own corrupt Purposes, did at several Times impose a-new, or did suffer to continue sundry Pensions and Allowances, over and above those specially provided in the said Article, to the Amount of One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds Sterling by the Year, or some other great Sum, the said Warren Hastings deceitfully pretending that he was unapprized of the Existence of the same, until by the recriminatory Accusations of Mr. John Bristow and Mr. William Cooper he did confess himself compelled to acknowledge his having authorized certain Pensions, which he had thus perfidiously and oppressively imposed, and which were an unsupportable Charge on the Revenue of Oude.

ARTICLE TENTH.

And whereas the said Warren Hastings, by the Second Article of the aforesaid Treaty of did agree

to permit the Nabob of Oude to resume such landed Estates, called Jaghires, as to him the said Nabob might appear to be necessary; yet he the said Warren Hastings did afterwards take away the Use of the Discretion reserved to the Nabob in this important Point, relating solely to his own internal Authority and Jurisdiction, and to the Protection which he owed to his Subjects, and did violently compel the said Nabob to an universal Confiscation of the said Jaghires or landed Estates; and the Nabob did accordingly, by and under the Compulsion of the said Warren Hastings, universally confiscate all Estates of that Description, in Breach of his the Nabob’s Faith; who having been driven, by the Demands of the Company, during the Residency of Mr. Purling, to make a temporary Seizure of the Profits of the Lands aforesaid, did then give his Bonds and Obligations for the Re-payment thereof, and did add his solemn Assurance, that he would never again resort to the like oppressive Measure.

That in the Number of Persons so dispossessed of their Estates by such Confiscation, were comprehended the nearest Relations of the Nabob himself, and the ancient Friends and Dependants of his Family; and the Annual Value of the said Estates amounted to Four hundred and Thirty-five thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other large Sum of Money, according to an old Valuation; but they were in Reality found to yield

considerably mote: And the said Persons thus violently stripped of their Property (many of thfcm of high Birth and Quality, and the greatest Part having no other Maintenance) were reduced to such extreme Distress, as to be obliged to subsist on the Sale of their Moveables or on Alms: And the confiscated Lands being put on Rack Rents, the People, Inhabitants thereof, were grievously oppressed; and universal Discontent, and the greatest Confusion, did ensue throughout the whole Country, long agitated and wasted, and in which much Blood was shed; and in particular the Commotions excited by the Rajah Sing

did wholly arise from the aforesaid arbitrary, and unjust, and perfidious Measure.

That the Nabob Vizier did frequently petition the stud Warren Hastings to be permitted to restore the said Jaghires to their original Proprietors, but for a long Time without Effect; and when he was at length permitted, by the said Warren Hastings, to restore certain of them, it was but in an imperfect and scanty Measure.

ACTICLE ELEVENTH.

That by a certain Article in the Treaty of Chunar aforesaid, it was in Effect and Substance provided, that the Nabob Vizier should submit to entrust the Management of his Revenue and Treasury to a certain Minister of his, or one appearing as a Minister of his the said Nabob’s, called who

was withdrawn from the Controul of his Master the said Nabob, and placed under the Controul of, and obliged to act with the Participation of, the tish Resident; and that, in sundry other Acts of his Government, the said Nabob was bound, by the said Article in the said Treaty, to act with the Concurrence of a British Resident, without any expressed Participation of the Minister; and the said Article of the Treaty aforesaid, worded in loose and ambiguous Terms, was so intended by the said Warren Hastings, and in that Light, or to that Effect, it was by him represented in a Letter by him written to Edward Wheler, Esquire; in which Letter he did also represent the British Interference or Participation as an Arrangement of Affairs which would prove of greater Benefit to the Vizier than to the British Government: But the said Vizier Asaph ul Dowlah, considering the same as a virtual surrender of Iris whole Authority either to the said Hyder Beg Khan, or to the British Resident, or in some Cases to both, did for a considerable Time withhold his Assent from the said Agreement, and declined to put his Seal to the same, until the said Nathaniel Middleton, the Company’s Resident at his Court, being the n, as well as the said Nabob Vizier, in the same Room with, and in the Presence of the said Wari'en Hastings, did assure the said Nabob Vizier, in order to engage him to affix his Seal to the said Treaty, that the said Article thereof was never intended to be put into Execution, but that the said Warren Hastings was desirous of having something to shew to the East India Company, as a Compensation for the Concessions in the said Treaty made to the said Nabob Vizier, or Words or Expressions to that dr an equivalent Effect; and the said Nabob under the Faith of such the Assurances given by the said Mid- ► dleton, in the Presence of the said Warren Hastings, did then execute the said Treaty, by affixing his Seal thereto: And the said Warren Hastings having, in order to give Colour to the perfidious Acts which he then meditated, did, notwithstanding the said Assurance given by his own Resident, in his own Presence, Four Days after the Execution of the said Treaty, that is, on the Twenty-third of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, faithlessly and fraudulently write a Letter of Instructions to that very Nathaniel Middleton who had given the verbal

Assurance

27 Geo. III. 23* j

Assurance aforesaid, directing him substantially to carry into Effect the said Article in its utmost Rigour and the largest Latitude of Construction, throughout every Department of the Vizier’s Government, charging him with a dreadful Responsibility, if he neglected to carry the same into Execution according to the said Instructions, and the Powers and Authorities ordered to be exercised in the said Instructions, in and by virtue of the Article of the Treaty which the said Middleton had assured the Vizier was not to be carried into Execution; and Powers- were in sundry Instances, in Consequence of, and in Obedience to, such Order of the said Warren Hastings, effectually exercised by the said Nathaniel Middletonand the stud Mode of conducting a Treaty, and the subsequent acting thereon, were full of Fraud and Duplicity, unworthy, base, and treacherous, and had a Tendency to bring the British Faith and Name into Disrepute, and to fill the Country Powers, dependent and independent, with a fixed Distrust of all Treaties and Engagements entered into with the British Nation: And the said Warren Hastings, with an Intent to cover the true Nature of the Transaction aforesaid at Chunar from the Court of Directors, did destroy or wilfully conceal and withhold from the said Court, and doth still wilfully conceal and withhold, or cause to be withheld from the said Court, the Original Papers and Documents by him referred to in his Correspondence, and on the Matter of which the said Treaty was made, as also the Original Treaty itself, contrary to Law, and to his Duty.

ARTICLE TWELFTH.

And whereas the said Warren Hastings was of Opinion, or did pretend to be of Opinion, that the Appointment of British Officers to command the said Nabob of Oude’s Troops, was a most pernicious Measure to the Service in general; yet he, the said Warren Hastings, in Contradiction to his own Opinion and Judgment, did not only take a principal Part in the original Establishment of that Arrangement, but did propose to place sundry large Establishments of Troops in the Nabob’s Service and Pay, under British Officers, who were not to be subject to the Orders of the said East India Company, or to the same Military Jurisdiction, or Disposition and Discipline, to which the said Company’s Troops were subject, but were wholly separated from the same; and he, the said Warren Hastings, under Colour of Recommendation,

’ did appoint Major, afterwards Lieutenant Colonel, Alexander Hannay, to the Command of the said Corps, and did appoint Captain Balfour and Captain Lums-daine to command in the said Battalions under the said Major Hatway; but did, contrary to his Duty and his Conscience, and his own Opinion of what was conducive to the Good of the Service, on the Suggestion of Major Osborne, an Officer in the Service of the East India Company, propose, through the Resident Middleton, to the Nabob Vizier, to establish in his Pay and Service a Body or Battalion of Troops, under the Command of the Officer aforesaid; but the said Nabob, on the Proposition being made to him, did for some Time decline giving any Answer, but did at length totally reject the said Plan or Proposal, and the said Major Osborne did thereon repeat his Request to the said Warren Hastings, requiring in Effect a new and more authoritative and peremptory Requisition on the Subject; and the said Warren Hastings, against the Remonstrances of Two of his Colleagues, stating the Hardship to the Vizier in forcing the said Battalion on the said Vizier, contrary to his declared Pleasure, did, by his casting Vote, carry the same; and accordingly a Letter was written in the Name of the Board to the Resident, to renew the Demand in such a Manner as to render the same effectual; and one to the Vol. 42.

Mali. 837

Vizier, to the same or a like Effect; and the said Vizier was reluctantly obliged to submit to this iniquitous, and uncoloured, and oppressive Demand.

That the said Warren Hastings wa3 well informed, that when the Expence of the Company’s temporary Brigade did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, encrease in the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds Sterling, above the established Estimate, and that the Charge of the aforesaid Corps of the Nabob’s own Troops, under British Officers, were in that Year encreased in the enormous Sum of Forty thousand Pounds above the Estimate, the said Warren Hastings did wilfully and criminally neglect to make any Enquiry how the Encrease did arise, or to pursue any Measure for the Prevention of the Growth of the said shamefol Expence in future.

That though Complaints were made to the said Warren Hastings, concerning the Conduct of the Corps under the said Major Osborne, which had been raised by the Influence and under the Authority of the said Warren Hastings, accusing them of committing divers Depredations on the Country they were appointed to protect; but the said Warren Hastings did wilfully and corruptly decline to make any Enquiry into the Grounds of the said Complaints, or to call the said Major Osborne to Account for the same, but did endeavour, after the Complaint made of the Mischief done by the former, to appoint another Corps for the same, or a similar Service, and on the same Footing, in Favour of Captain Clarke.

That the said Warren Hastings, after the several Corps aforesaid had, according to Agreement, been disbanded, and after he had made an Agreement to withdraw certain large Bodies of the Company’s regular Troops from the Pay and the Dominions of the Vizier, he did, some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, in order to elude the said Agreement, and to re-establish Troops of that Description, in Breach of his Duty, and in Contradiction of his own repeated Declarations of the Mischiefs incident to Troops under European Officers, in the Service of the Nabob of Oude, and notwithstanding his Experience of the ill Effects which had actually been produced by the original Establishment of such Troops, did cause a Battalion of Soldiers under British Officers, commanded by Captain Polhill, to be put upon the Establishment of the Vizier, and great Disorders and Mutinies in the said Corps did ensue; nor was a Remedy found for the same, until the said Battalion was broke, and entirely disbanded.

ARTICLE THIRTEENTH.

And whereas the said Warren Hastings was well aware that the Orders of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, which he was bound substantially, and with good Faith, to obey, did strictly forbid that any Military Officers in their Service should hold any Office or Share in the Collection of Revenue, withjft the Provinces under their Jurisdiction; and the said Order was wisely and providently made, as well for the Benefit of the Revenue as for Preservation of Discipline in the said Officers, and for Security of the Natives from Oppression:

And whereas the Dominions and Territories of the said Nabob of Oude were under the Protection of the East India Company, and in a State of real Dependance on the said Company, or of those who exercised their Authority:

And whereas the said Company had a valuable Interest in the Prosperity of the aforesaid Territories, as well as in that of the Provinces immediately under their Jurisdiction, and which Interest and Property the said Warren Hastings was in Duty bound to attend to, and was bound also religiously to abstain from any Act which had a Tendency to the Prejudice thereof;

10 D yet

Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Hasting*.

838 23 M 1787.

Articles of yet he the said Warren Hastings, intending to procure plainly by him implied in the said Letter to have been

Impeach- excessive and unlawful Profits to Alexander Hannay made; but, on the contrary, he the said Warren Has-

Wr°HMtiDcs aforesaid, and for that Purpose, by Subtlety, Artifice, tings did, in the said Letter, accuse Persons in the said 6 and Fraud, to defeat the true Intent and Meaning Nabob’s Court of interested Views and incendiary De-of the Company’s salutary Orders, and to corrupt the signs, and did attempt, without any Reason or Ground, Discipline of the Army in the Dominions of their Al- to take away all Credit from their future Representa-lies in the first Instance, and ultimately in their own, tions, instead of making the Course of Complaints easy not content with having as aforesaid, against his own to the unhappy Persons subjected to such unlimited Conscience, Judgment, and Opinion, by his Influence and arbitrary Command, exercised by a Person recom-and Power established the Corps under the said mended thereto by himself, as his general Duty, and Hannay in the said Nabob Vizier’s Service, did also his particular Responsibility, in such a Case bound soon after, or about the Time of the said Appoint- him to do.

ment of the said Hannay, or at some other Time And whereas the said Warren Hastings, on or about while the said Hannay did hold and exercise the said the Time that the said Hannay was removed as afore-Military Command, by the same his overbearing said from his Farm, or other Collection of Revenue Power and Influence, recommend him the said Hannay in the Provinces of and Gorucpore, that is, on

to the general Farms, or Collection of Revenue of or about the latter End of the Year One thousand Se-Two great Provinces in the Dominions of the said ven hundred and Seventy-nine, did find the Burthen Nabob of Oude, called Baraitch and Gorucpore, and of maintaining the detached Corps under European did procure him to be appointed thereto; which last- Officers, of which the 9aid ’s Battalions corn-

mentioned Appointment, according to the evil Cus- posed a principal, if not the larger Part; and the said toms which prevailed for some Time in that Country, Nabob did signify, or cause to be signified, to the said and did then prevail, did also comprehend, or was Warren Hastings, that the said detached Bodies of complicated with, several arbitrary, unlawful, and Troops, under their European Officers, brought no-mischievous Powers and Authorities, unfit to be held thing but Confusion into the Affairs of his Governor exercised by any Person, much less by a British Sub- ment, and were entirely their own Masters; praying ject and Servant of the said East India Company, which that he might be relieved from the Burthen of those, did particularly expose Military Officers commanding along with that of other Troops in the Memorial or therein to the Temptation of Lucre by Peculation, Representation mentioned, which the said Warren and did expose the People who were thus put under Hastings did understand and declare to include spe-a Foreigner, a Person evidently protected by a Power dally the Corps under the said Hannay, and those stronger than the native Government of the Country, under the said Osborne, and certain other Corps; he to Oppression, without other Controul than what might the said Warren Hastings did not only disregard the arise from the mere personal Disposition of the said said Request, to which he ought to have attended, foreign Farmer General and Military Commander. but did declare the same to be totally inadmissible.

And the said Hannay having made an ill Use of the though no Part of the Reasons or Pretences assigned united exorbitant Powers aforesaid, in the heavy Op- by the said Warren Hastings, either then or since, for pression of the Inhabitants of the said Provinces of refusing to free the said Nabob from the Burthen of Baraitch and Gorucpore; and the said Nabob Vizier, Troops in general, namely, the Apprehension of on Complaint thereof, having removed the said Han- Foreign Wars, and the Inability of the Company to nay from his said Office of Farmer and Collector of bear the Expence of the Corps to be reduced, did at Revenue, was with much Reluctance, and notwith- all apply to the Corps commanded by the said standing many bitter Complaints by him made, obliged, the said Corps having no Concern with Foreign Wars, through the Influence and Power of the said Warren but being solely employed in the Collections, and the Hastings, again to restore him the said Hannay to the said Corps, when it should be discharged from the said Occupation and Authority from which, for his said Nabob’s Pay, not being to return on the Company’s Misconduct, he had been removed: And the said Establishment, with which it had no Connection: Warren Hastings, instead of taking any Measures to And the said Warren Hastings, in order to terrify the check or controul in future the exorbitant and abused said Nabob and his Ministers, as well as all other Power of the said Hannay, whom he had thus forcibly Persons, from all Representations on - a Subject so obtruded a second Time into the Management of the immediately affecting the said Nabob’s Revenues, and said Nabob’s Revenues, did, on the Twenty-sixth of the Welfare of his Subjects, did, in his Minute of the April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, write Thirteenth of December One thousand Seven hundred a Letter to the said Nabob, expressing his Satisfaction and Seventy-nine, move. That the Resident at Oude at his Restoration of the said Hannay to the Employ- should inform the said Nabob, that the Advice of his ment to which he the said Warren Hastings had ori- Ministers, who had instigated him to make the said ginally recommended him, and that he considered the Representation, appeared to him insidious and dan-same as an Attention to that Recommendation; telling gerous, and that the Council hoped he would dismiss the said Nabob, in an insolent and overbearing Man- them from his Service and Confidence, as unworthy ner, that it was not his Intention to force or even to of both; and in a Minute of the Fifteenth of the said influence his Choice (after he had in Fact not only in- Month, he did threaten to bring to Punishment as Influenced but forced his Choice) but that if he did cendiaries, those who advised the said Representations employ the said Hannay, he the said Nabob should and Requests, and used therein other Expressions, in convince him the said Hannay, as well as the imme- Substance and Terms corresponding with the Matter diate Rulers of the Country which he was to superin- and Expressions which he used in his Letter to the tend, and above all, the People about his the said Nabob of the Twenty-eighth of One thousand

Nabob’s Person and Court, that he placed an implicit Seven hundred and Eighty; when, in Consequence Confidence in his, the said Hannay's. Zeal for his Ser- of the Menaces of the Thirteenth of December One vice; with several other Expressions and Suggestions thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, or some in the said Letter contained (as by the said Letter, other such Menaces, the said Nabob was compelled Reference thereto being had, will more fully appear) to restore the said Hannay to the Charge of certain strongly discouraging the Complaints of those who Provincial Collections; and a Letter to the Nabob, alone could make any Complaints with Effect, he the conformably to the said Minutes, was soon after writ-said Warren Hastings not having in any known Manner ten and dispatched by the said Warren Hastings; and enquired into the Truth and Justice of former Complaints the said Warren Hastings, when he kept up the said

x Hannay's

27 Geo. III. 230 Mali. 839

Hannay s Corps, in Defiance of the Prince in whose Orders to put them all to the Sword, which violent Articles of immediate Service it was pretended to be, did not and barbarous Order the said Soldier did set himself bnpeach-make, or cause to be made, any Enquiry whatsoever, to obey, and did actually strike off the Heads of Mr!uasUo»*. as it was his Duty to do, into the Confusion alledged Eighteen of the said captive Inhabitants, and throw by the said Nabob Vizier to be brought into his Go- them over the Walls of the Fort, having also wounded vemment by those or other Corps of a similar Descrip- several others; and, a few Days after a Victory had tion, or even into the Fact by the said Nabob charged, been obtained over the People making the Insur-of their being, contrary to their occasional Subjection, rection as aforesaid, the said instead of any

and contrary to all the Rules of Military Discipline, Enquiry into the Necessity of the barbarous Act afore-their own blasters, although Philip Francis, Esquire, said, committed by an Officer under his Command,

One of the Council, did, in a recorded Minute of the or endeavouring by lenient Measures to reconcile the Fifteenth of December One thousand Seven hundred Persons whose Friends had been thus slaughtered, he and Seventy-nine, declare it notorious that the Troops did in c«ld Blood send a written Order to Munnarcar aforesaid had devoured the said Nabob of Oude'slie- Khan, another Officer, or other Person under him, venues and his Country, under Colour of defending giving Directions concerning a certain Person of great it, and' that he was convinced the Representation of Rank, Eminence, and Consideration in the Country, the Nabob, concerning the Confusion brought on his called The Rajah Mustapha Khan, purporting, that if Government, and that the Troops aforesaid being their the said Rajah Mustapha Khan had been put to Death, own Masters, was strictly true, or to that Effect; and it was well — if not, to strike off his Head, or Words he the said ll'arren Hastings did thereby, contrary to his or Directions to that Effect. And the said Munncn Duty, his Conscience, and his Trust, wilfully connive at, Khan, shocked at the said inhuman and w icked Order, countenance, and encourage the said Confusions, and did decline Obedience thereto, and did shew the same the said Destruction of Military Obedience, and thereby, or the very Officer who before had committed the ter-and by other his Acts before recited, did, with wicked rible Slaughter aforesaid; yet the said Officer, who and corrupt Views, leave the said Countries of Baraitch appears to have been of a savage and bloody Disposi-and Gorucpore exposed to all the united Mischiefs of action, did however recoil from the Execution of the rapacious and oppressive Revenue Exaction, and a said Order, and declared that he would write to the violent, disorderly, and licentious Military Tyranny, both Colonel, meaning the said Ilannay, on the Subject, as being exercised by or under the Authority of the said the Order was not expressly directed to him, or used Hannay, and in consequence thereof the said Countries Expressions to that Effect. And the said Order did of Baraitch and Gorucporewere, in a most cruel, out- remain without Execution till the Arrival of Captain rageous, and savage Manner, by the said Hannay, sup- David Williams at Gorucpore, when the said David ported and countenanced as aforesaid, and by those Williams, or some other English Officer, did, in Exe-acting under his the said Hannays Authority, despoiled, cution of the said bloody and arbitrary Order, without wasted, and depopulated. any Form or Process, and in cold Blood, direct and

That whereas, by Reason of the Misgovernment cause to be put to Death the said Rajah Mustapha and Oppression exercised in the Collection of the Khan, and caused Proclamation to be made through Land Revenue in the Provinces of Otidc, the Zemin- the Town of Gorucpore, that those who had been dars have been obliged to defend themselves against guilty of the same Offences should be liable to the the Collectors in fortified Places; and the Collectors same Punishment, or to that Effect. And the said aforesaid, in order to enforce the Collection of the Re- cruel and atrocious Murder, perpetrated on a Person venue, together with their unjust Exactions, do often, of high Rank, did exceedingly exasperate all Persons violently seize upon the innocent Brother, Son, or of all Ranks in the said Country, and did tend to in-some near Relation or Dependant of the different flame the Tumults and Disorders which then began Zemindars or Landholder, and imprison them as to prevail in the said Province, and to extend the Hostages in Places of Security, in a large District, same to all Parts thereof. And in consequence of the sometimes to the Number of several Hundreds, where- said Tumults, and the Discontents which spread also by, and by other evil and oppressive Practices, the amongst his own (the said Hannays) Troops, Three Inhabitants are often driven to rebel; and he the Battalions, or a great Part thereof did mutiny and aforesaid Hannay, carrying on the Collection of the desert, and he was in a shameful Manner obliged to Revenue in the aforesaid oppressive Manner, and tak- abandon the Country; which was soon after recovered ing the aforesaid cruel and unjust Method of exacting by Major Naylor, with One Battalion only. But the the same, did retain in Captivity and imprison, in said Warren Hastings, although Accounts of the Pro-One Fort only, namely, that of Gorucpore, One hun- ceedings aforesaid were brought to his Knowledge, dred and Fifteen of such Hostages as aforesaid, Inha- did not cause any Enquiry whatsoever to be made into bitants of a District called «S 'uncar, or did retain in the Conduct of the said Hannay, as it was his Duty to Captivity or imprison, upon some other Pretence, or do, relative to any one of the Particulars above recited, upon his mere arbitrary Pleasure, the Number of One or to the Complaints which were made by the Mother hundred and Fifteen Persons, Inhabitants of the said and Grandmother of the said Nabob of Oude, concern-District, and great Discontents did therefrom arise; ing the Misbehaviour of the said Hannay, and of Copland on the Fifteenth of the Month of Rammazantain Gordon, an Officer acting under him, in the Dis-(answering to the Fifth of September, in the Year One tricts of Baraitch and Gorucpore, but did afterwards, thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one) all the Ze- and after all the Calamities aforesaid had befallen the mindars, Great and Small, and all the Inhabitants of Country, and the Battalions under the Command of Gorucpore, to the Number of many Thousands, and the said Hannay, and although by the said Treaty of several others from the adjacent Districts, being pro- Chunar the said Battalions under the said Hannay had yoked at the cruel and unjust Captivity of the said been agreed to be reformed and suppressed; and that Hostages, or other Inhabitants, did raise a general although he the said Warren Hastings was in his ow n Insurrection, and did attack the Fort of Gorucpore, in Conscience persuaded, and did inform the Court of Di-which a native Subaltern Officer, under the said Ilan- rectors, that in the Removal of the Company’s Ser-vay, called Allahd Sing, did command, in order to re- vants, Civil and Military, he was actuated by Motives lease the Inhabitants imprisoned therein; and on Pre- of Justice to the said Vizier, and a Regard to the tence that during the said Attack a Soldier had cried Honour of the National Character; and although he out that the Hostages or Inhabitants aforesaid had be- also knew and declared, that the remote Stations of gan an Attack upon him the said Officer, although those Troops, placing the Commanding Officers and the said Captives were unarmed, did give instant the Troops in Oude beyond the Notice and Controul Vol. 42. of

84o 23® Mali. A. 1787.

Articles of of the Board (meaning the Council General) afforded of a high Breach of his Trust, and did dishonour.

Impeach- too much Opportunity and Temptation for unwar- and hath dishonoured, the Name and Character of

MnHuttags ranhLhle Emolument, and had excited the Contagion this Nation.

8 ’ of Peculation and Rapacity throughout the whole

Army, he the said Warren Hastings did so far abet, ARTICLE FOURTEENTH

countenance, and encourage the said Hannay, that though he himself knew, and it was generally known, That the Nabob Vizier having Reason to entertain that the said Hannay had again the Presumption to Apprehensions relative to the Security of his own apply to the said Vizier for the Farm of Baraiteh and Person, and the Stability of his own Situation, from Gorucpore, he did not in any Way discourage such Ap- the Malice and Corruption of the said Warren plication; whereby, and from his general known Sup- notwithstanding the large Bribe by him given as

port and Countenance to the said Hannay, a Report aforesaid to the said Warren Hastings at Chunar, the did prevail, and did gain entire Credit in the said said Warren Hastings having in sundry Instances treated Vizier’s Court (the said Vizier having at that Time a him since that Time with great Inhumanity, Perfidy, public Minister at Calcutta, who had very constant and Rigour; and the said Nabob Vizier, having fur-intercourse with the said Warren Hastings, and was ther Cause of Apprehension, because Lieutenant Co-likely to obtain the best Intelligence of his Designs) lonel , a Person protected by the said Warren

that the said Warren Hastings was again preparing to , though in the Service of the said Nabob

send the said Hannay into Oude, in order to obtain Vizier, and receiving his Pay, and loaded with his > again either the Farm aforesaid, or the Farm of the Benefits, did write a Letter to excite dangerous Sus-Districts then rented by Almas AH Khan, and Khoja picions of him, the said Nabob Vizier; which Pro-Arin ul Dien Khan, or of some other great Districts in ceeding was not discountenanced by the said Resident the said Vizier s Dominions. The said Vizier was so Middleton, who transmitted the same to the said Wirren alarmed by the said prevailing Report and Opinion, , and which he the said Warren Hastings did

or by Intelligence received by him from his Minister receive ithout manifesting any Displeasure towards at Calcutta to that Effect, that he wrote a Letter to the Writer thereof; and the said Nabob Vizier, hav-the said Warren Hastings, acquainting him of the In- ing further Reason for Alarm, because Sir Elijah formation he had received, namely, that the said pey, His Majesty’s Chief Justice, and acting as Ama-Hannay would desire his the said Warren Hastings's nuensis and Private Secretary to the said Warren Permission to be employed in that Quarter, meaning ings, had been, by the Direction of the said Warren his the said Vizier’s Dominions; and he the said Vizier Hastings, employed since the Treaty aforesaid in tak-was so violently agitated, and struck with such ex- ing Affidavits tending to criminate the Mother of the treme Horror, with the Apprehension of the Return said Nabob ^Vizier, and his nearest Kindred; and he of the said Hannay into his Dominions, that in his the said Chief Justice did exercise that odious and said Letter he swore, according to his Religion, by treacherous Office, in Violation of the Laws of Hostile Holy Prophet, if by any Means any Matter de- pitality, whilst he was the Guest of the said Nabob pendant on him should be entrusted to the Colonel Vizier at his Court, and receiving at least honorary (meaning the said Hannay) he would not remain in his Presents, and Pledges of Amity from him; The said Dominions, but would go to him the said Warren Nabob Vizier, from all the aforesaid Circumstances, Hastings, or to that Effect; and the said Letter was and others, became affected with great Terror, and duly received by the said Warren Hastings; and though did fall into a profound Melancholy, and in that State-the said Vizier did in the said Letter, under the Alarm of Mind, in order to avert the evil Designs of the said aforesaid, earnestly entreat the said Warren Hastings, irren Hastings, did offer him, through the said Re-that no Matter dependant on him should be entrusted to sident, Nathaniel Middleton, a further and Second the Colonel (meaning the said Lieutenant Colonel Han- Bribe of One hundred thousand Pounds, or some may); and though he did likewise request, that the other great Sum of Money, and did give Assign-'said Warren Hastings would oblige him with a speedy ments or the Landed Revenue, or some other Se-Answer, which might set his Mind at Ease; and al- curity for the Payment of the same, which Assign-though the said Warren Hastings was bound, by comments on some other Security was accepted by the mon Decency and common Humanity, immediately to said Nathaniel Middleton; but a Letter which was give Satisfaction to the said Vizier (the first Ally in written by the said Middleton to the said Warren Rank and Importance of the East India Company, and relative to the said Bribe, or unlawful Present,

one entitled to every Mark of Respect and Protection) offered in or about the Months of January or and was also bound to quiet the Mind of the said bruary One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, Vizier, so agitated, as he saw by the said Letter it requesting his Acceptance of the said unlawful Gift was, through the Dread of so great a Calamity, as or Present, has been, against Law and his Duty, and well as to clear his own Character from the Imputa- for base, clandestine, and corrupt Purposes, by the tion of having formed against the said Vizier so hostile said arren Hastings wholly suppressed, as well as his and alarming a Design as had been attributed to him; Answer to the same, if any Answer was by him given and though the Letter aforesaid was by him the said thereto, although it was the Duty of the said Warren Warren Hastings received on the Fifteenth of September Hastings to produce to the Council General at Fort One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, he the William the Letter aforesaid; and he was bound to laid Warren Hastings did not return any Answer what- give a speedy Answer, containing a direct Refusal to ever thereto until the Thirtieth of December following, the same, and to reprimand and bring to condign Pu-which was after the said Hannay had died; at which nishment the said Middleton, for accepting the discre-Tiine, and not before, he wrote a Letter to the said ditable and infamous Office of Agent in the Offer of Vizier, of which an Abstract only is on the Company’s. a Bribe to his Principal, the Governor General, by Records, declaring the rein, that no Intention was which Neglect of Censure and Discountenance, the ever formed of employing Colonel Hannay at Luck- said Middleton, and others in subordinate Situations, now; thereby leaving just Ground to the said Vizier, might be taught to consider the Receipt of Bribes to and to all other Persons, to be assured that the Death themselves as a Matter which might bring no Danger of the said Hannay alone prevented his being employed or Discredit to them. — And it does not appear, that in the Manner which the said Vizier so justly dreaded: any the least Notice was taken of the said corrupt In all which Acts done by the said Warren Hastings, Transaction, neither was any Document whatever con-contrary to his Duty, and in all the aforesaid Neglects cerning the said Offer through the said Middleton, nor of Duty, the said Warren Hastings was and has been concerning any other unlawful Gift or Present offered the Cause of great Damage to the Country of Oude, or taken from Oude, directly produced to the Council

- General,

7 Geo. III. iy Mail 841

General, by the said Warren Hastings, until the Month of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, One Year and Four Months after the Offer of the said Present, and the taking Assignments on the Revenues or other Effects for the same; at which Time, on certain Articles of Accusation made by the Order of the said Warren Hastings, against Richard Johnson, Esquire, it did appear, that on the Twenty-third of May One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, he the said Warren Hastings had given secret Instructions to his Agents, Palmer and Davy, to persuade the said Nabob Vizier to apply the said Present to the Use of the Company (which Instructions he did not produce till the Twentieth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three) and he did accuse the said Johnson of being a Cause of preventing the said Present from being applied to the Use of the said East India Company, to whose Service the said Warren Hastings did assert he had given private Instructions to his secret Agents, Palmer and Davy, that the Nabob Vizier should be requested to permit the same to be applied; and the said Johnson did admit the Fact, and did assert, in Justification of his Act, th^t be had obstructed (meaning that he had for the Time defeated) the Whole and every Part of the said Design, and that no Assignments or other Valuable Effects had been made over to the Company for the said Present, or used Expressions or Declarations in that Sense, or to that Purpose; notwithstanding which Plea and Admission of the said Johnson, that the whole Design, and every Part thereof, was by him defeated, the said Warren Hastings did, in a written Minute of Consultation (dated Twenty-first of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three) directly assert, that he was morally certain, that either Assignments on the Revenue of the Nabob of Oude, or Bills, had been given for the said Present; and his Colleague in Office, a Member of the Supreme Council, Mr. Macpherson, did positively assert also on Record, that he always understood, that Bills had been given to the Amount of the intended Present, and that the said Hyder Beg Khan and the said Johnson ought to account for and explain the same: Yet the said Warren Hastings having obtained the sole Object he had in View in his said Accusation, which was to draw from the said Johnson an Acknowledgment that no Charge had been brought on the said Nabob Vizier by this Present, and intending fraudulently to suppress every Thing which might throw Light on that base and criminal Transaction, never did call on the said Johnson to account for the said Bills, Assignments, or other Effects, which he did so as before declare himself morally cestain to have been given and appropriated, and which his Colleague, the said Macpherson, by his Minute recorded in the Books of the Council, did assert as aforesaid the said Johnson ought to account for; nor did he, the said Warren Hastings, produce the Letter, whether from his secret Agent Palmer, or from his Instrument ITyder Beg Khan, to his other secret Agent Major Davy, on which he grounded his Accusation against the said Richard Johnson relative to the said Present; nor did he write to the said Palmer for any Explanation of the Subject, nor to the said Hyder Beg Khan, nor to the said Resident Bristow, then in Oude, nor to any other Person who might have given or procured due and proper Information relative thereto; but he the said Warren did suddenly

put an End to the Enquiry, by declaring that he was glad that the intended Present never had been applied to the Company’s Use, and that it would be of no Service to the Company, but would add greatly to the Distresses of the said Nabob Vizier, though the said Warren Hastings himself had so recently, in a regular and formal Charge, accused the said Johnson of preventing it from being applied in that Manner and for that Purpose; and he did not only thus put a Stop to Yol. 42.

the Enquiry instituted by himself, but, almost immediately after his Accusation of the said Johnson on that and sundry other Heads of Charge, and of certain of tvhidh he did declare him in his Opinion guilty, he did promote the said Johnson to an Employment of great Honour, Emolument, and Trust, namely, that of an important Embassy to a Foreign Court; and the said Warren Hastings did carefully avoid examining at Calcutta the said Nathaniel Middleton (through whom, and not through the said Johnson, the Offer of the said Present was made) for any Account or Explanation of the same, though at the Time of the Enquiry concerning the said Present he the said Middleton was actually in Calcutta, and his own Conduct was at that very Time a Subject of Enquiry, upon Accusations preferred against him by the said Warren Hastings himself, on sundry Misdemeanors charged by him to be committed by the said Middleton, in the Capacity in which he was when the Present or Bribe aforesaid was offered through him; and though the said Middleton could have wholly contradicted the said Johnson's Plea and Assertion at Calcutta, and have proved that Assignments had actually been given for the Present through him offered, and that Collections were made by him thereon, but the said Assignments do not appear on any Record, Correspondence, Minute, or other Evidence, or written Document, nor doth it appear that any Money received thereon hath been brought to the Company’s Account, or to that of the Nabob Vizier; so that the said Assignments made must have been made for some secret Criminal Purpose, and what Money was received thereon must have been so applied. And whereas a Letter from the said Nabob Vizier was received by the said Warren Hastings (dated in the Month of Shabaun, answering to the Month of July or August One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two) acquainting the said Warren Hastings, that though he the said Nabob had positively refused to comply with a large Loan demanded of him by the Majors Palmer and Davy, the Private Agents of him the said Warren Hastings, he had actually agreed to the Payment of a Present of Ten Lacks of Rupees, be<-ing upwards of One hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses by them demanded; and it doth not appear in the Correspondence between the said Vizier and the said Warren Hastings that the Design was defeated, as the said Warren Hastings hath asserted and charged, and as the said Johnson hath admitted that it was in the Whole, and consequently in all the Parts, by him the said Johnson defeated; nor doth it appear that the said Warren Hastings did write any Answer to the said Letter, in which the Nabob Vizier did inform him of his having consented to the Payment aforesaid, on Conditions therein referred to; nor did he produce the said Letter, in Opposition to the Declarations of the said Johnson; nor did he enter on Record the Paper of Conditions referred to in the said Letter, as by Act of Parliament and by his Duty he was bound to do; and from the Evidence, which he hath purposely left in a State of Contradiction and Obscurity, when he had it in his Power to establish the Truth or Falsehood of the said Evidence, and to clear up the whole Transaction, it doth no Way appear whether the said Ten Lacks of Rupees, mentioned by the said Nabob Vizier, was the same identical Sum with that offered to Middleton, or was not rather some other Present to the same Amount; nor whether any Payment was or was not made thereon, the Whole being purposely involved by the said Warren Hastings in Mystery and Obscurity as aforesaid; and it doth not appear that the Parties concerned in these Transactions were acquainted with or consulted on the Proceedings of others acting in the same; but it doth appear, and it is hereby charged, that the fuU Correspondence of any of the said Agents with him the said Warren Hastings hath not been produced; but that the said

lo E Warren

Articles of Impeachment against Mr Has tings.

84.2 $3° Mail- A, 1787.

Artid« af Warren Hastings did, and doth, wilfully and crimi-

Impeach- nally withhold the same. And whereas a Governor Mr^Hnmng*. General entrusted with the Care of the Company’s Revenues, is bound in Duty to take Care that all Things relating thereto, or whatever may affect the same, mediately or immediately, should be clear, open, and distinct: And whereas it is also the Duty of the Governor General, that in a Service like that of the Company’s Service in India, more liable than any other to the Suspicion of Bribery and Extortion, afi Parts of the Government should be preserved, as much as in such Governor General lies, altogether clear from those foul Imputations, especially in him, the Head and Chief of the said Service, and who is in a particular Manner the Guardian of the Honour thereof, and of this Kingdom in India, and is bound to candid, fair, and ingenuous Proceedings in all Things, but more especially in Transactions tending to Corruption, he the said Hastings, in Con-

tradiction to his Duty, in the Transactions aforesaid, concerning a Bribe or Bribes offered to him by the said Nabob of Oude, by his Prevarication, Fraud, and Deceit, and by Suppression of Evidence, and by purposely avoiding the natural and orderly Course of Enquiry, dictated by the Circumstances of the Business before him, and by other dark, intricate, and collusive Practices, was and is guilty of an High Offence in the said Acts, and in the said Neglects of Duty, tending in their inevitable Consequences to perplex and mislead the Court of Directors, and to leave in the Minds of Men a strong Persuasion of unfair and corrupt Practice relative to the Object of the said Frauds and Devices, to the Dishonour of the high Trust and Office held by the said Warren Hastings, and to the evil Example of the Whole of the Company’s Servants, by teaching them to veil their Acts in all Scut of Disguise, Mystery, and Fraud.

ARTICLE FIFTEENTH.

That notwithstanding the Means pretended to be taken at the Treaty of Chunar for the Relief of the Vizier Nabob of Oude, the said Warren Hastings well knew that the Distresses of the said Vizier did continue, and that in order to satisfy the enormous and Yapacious Demands made by the said Warren Hastings upon him, he had been compelled to lend his Name, and the Appearance of his Authority, to rob his Mother and his Grandmother of their Treasures, and to confiscate, under the same Compulsion, the Estates of his Relations and Friends, and Dependents of his Family; and the said Warren Hastings also well knew that the said Nabob, in his Court, in his Household, in his Troops, and in the whole State of his Country, did feel great and grievous Distress; yet he the said Warren Hastings, conceiving a false and injurious Opinion of the Character of the East India Company, and of the Honour, Justice, and Policy of this Kingdom, and delusively imagining that it would be received as a Cover for all his Acts of Disobedience to the Laws of his Country, and of all his Peculation, Rapacity, Cruelty, and Oppression, for which he did then apprehend he should be called to an Account, and that it Would be taken as a meritorious Atonement for the same, if he could make it appear that be had exacted greater Sums from the ruined and undone Country of Oude, than others, more just, moderate, and provident, could have exacted from the same; and at the same Time with a View to leave the said Country in a iState of the utmost Confusion and Distress, from whence he hoped to answer some of his evil Purposes, he did, without any Communication with his Council, or entering any Minute in the Books thereof, cause the Accountant, or Deputy Accountant at Calcutta, to rake into all the Accounts for several Years backwards, and from thence, and on Pretence of for-

gotten Articles, to produce Two Demands, amounting to Four hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other great Sum of Money, and he did urgently demand Payment of the same from the said Nabob, and though he well knew that the said Nabob’s current Resource? could not produce such a Sum, or any Sum above the current Demand, and that it could only be borrowed at an enoripou3 Usury, and by Anticipation of his Revenues, and that this must produce for the present an Increase of his Debt, and at some future Time a Failure or Deficiency even in a reduced current Demand; yet for the fraudulent Purposes aforesaid, he the said Warren Hastings did persevere in demanding the Payment of the same; and the same, or a great Part thereof, was borrowed by the said Nabob at an Interest of Twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum, or some other high and destructive Interest, and the said confiscated Estates were mortgaged for the same, by which it was put out of the Power of the said Vizier to restore the said confiscated Estates, until the Money borrowed on them was paid, if he had been permitted so to do by the said Warren ings;and the Deficiency to be apprehended by the said violent and oppressive Demand was actually produced, and the said Vizier’s Debt, which had been kept in a growing State by enforcing unjust Demands upon him, and which ought to have been discharged with a considerable Remainder, by the violent Measures employed for that Purpose, did in the ensuing Year, namely, in the Fusulli Year One thousand One hundred and Eighty-nine, corresponding to Part of the Years of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one and One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, amount to a very great Sum of Money, in consequence of the said unexpected Demand, which, if just and founded, opght to have been produced at its dpe and proper Season, and not brought forward (as it was) to add to the Confusion, Perplexity, and Distress of the Country and Government of Oude, when the said Country was least able to bear it, and for which it was obliged to provide by an Anticipation to the Amount of Five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other great Sum of Money; and the Anticipation aforesaid pressing hard on the Revenue, and producing other Anticipations, fresh Necessities of borrowing at an enormous Interest were induced, till at length, that is in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five and One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, a Deficiency and Debt did happen, even after the current Demand was reduced nearly to One Half of its usual Amount; and the said Warren Hastings, not content with the great and suspicious Demands aforesaid, further to increase the Disorder and Distress of the said Nabob’s Affairs, did, as before, without any Consultation with his Council, in the Months of May or June in the said Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, illegally send or depute to Lucknow, to the Court of the said Vizier, his Two secret Instruments, Majqr Palmer and Major Davy, to demand that the said Vizier should lend to the East India Company a Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other great Sum of Money, and also that the said Vizier should take Four Battalions of the Company’s Troops into his Pay for the Collection of his Revenue, notwithstanding all the Mischiefs which had been experienced from that Species of Establishment; all which extraordinary Claims, tqgether with the admitted Claims of the Company for that Year, would have amounted nearly to double the then clear Annual Revenue of all the Documepts of the said Nabob; but the said Nabob did positively deny his Consent to either of the said Demands, notwithstanding the violent Menaces employed by the said clandestine Agents, or One of them, ,to induce him the said Nabob to a 'Compliance therewith, he foe said Nabob pleading.

ajGeo. III. 230

with great Appearance of Truth, the utter Impossibility of advancing the said Sum. And the said Warren Hastings failing in this Attempt, did afterwards, falsely and evasively, deny, or endeavour to explain away his Share in the said Proceedings; declaring, that it was from the Ministers Hyder Beg and Almas AH Khan, and not the said Nabob, that he proposed to borrow the Sum aforesaid; and did disclaim, in a prevaricating Manner, his having demanded that the said Four new Battalions should be so taken as aforesaid into the Pay of the said Nabob, though he never called his said secret Agents to Account for what they had so clone, nor shelved them any Discountenance whatsoever, at the same Time that he did, in an ambiguous Manner, seem to throw on them the whole Blame of this most scandulous and perfidious Attempt

ARTICLE SIXTEENTH.

That the said Warren Hastings, contriving, by Means of Violence and Corruption, to bring the Natives of India subject to the Power and Influence of the East India Company into an entire Dependance upon him for their Lives and Fortunes, in order to draw to himself unlawful and exorbitant Advantages from that Dependance, did put Persons reputed opulent first into Terror as Criminals, without due Proof of their Offences, and afterwards did receive them into Favour and Trust, without due Proof of their Innocence, as the one or the other did best suit his evil Purposes; and in particular, the said Warren Hastings, at some Time in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, did receive, or pretend to receive, some Information concerning Misdemeanors imputed to a certain wealthy and powerful Native of India, called Almas AH Khdn, Farmer of a considerable Part of the Revenues of the said Vizier the Nabob of Oude, and also concerning a Design which the said Almas had entertained of withdrawing himself with his Treasures, represented by the said Warren Hastings as the Fruits of Embezzlement and Oppression, out of the Dominions of his Sovereign; and in Fact the aforesaid Almas AH, being under Apprehensions of a Desigu against his Life, had taken Steps which indicated an Intention so to withdraw himself, but was induced to return to the Capital and Court of the said Nabob Vizier, under a direct, clear, and positive written Engagement for the Security of his Life. And on a Representation caused by the said Warren Hastings to be made to the said Nabob, upon the supposed Defection, Treachery, and other Misdemeanors, of the said Almas AH Khun, the said Nabob Vizier did write to his Vakeel, or Minister at Calcutta, for the Information of the said Warren Hastings, representing that the Charges made on the said Almas, as aforesaid, were by him the said Vizier understood to be the Effect of Malice, and the Acts of ill-designing Persons, and that he the said Vizier did conceive him to be perfectly innocent of the same, or to that Effect. And this Declaration of the said Nabob, the Master and Sovereign of the said Almas, was duly communicated to the said Warren Hastings; nevertheless, a very few Days after the Account aforesaid was received by him the said Warren Hastings, of the said Vizier's Opinion of the Innocence of the said Almas, his Subject and Servant, he the said Warren Hastings did, in a special Instruction to the aforesaid John Bristow, dated October the Twenty-third One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, give Orders concerning his the said s Conduct to

the said Almas Ail Khdn, full of Duplicity, Fraud, and Treachery, both to the Person who received the sajxl Instruction, and also to the Person whom the said Instruction did regard. And he the said Warm) Hastings did first, under a false Colour of Good Faith, observe, that if any Engagement did subsist (he the said Warren Hastings at the same Time well knowijig that Vol. 43. . ' 4 '

Man. 843

such Engagement did actually subsist) between the said Articles of Almas am) the said Nabob Vizier, it should be faith- IlDP*ach: fully observed; but at the same Time directing the said Bristow in a most unwarrantable Manner, as follows, to wit: " But if he (meaning the aforesaid " Almas) has been guilty of any criminnl Offence to " the Nabob (meaning the said Nabob Vizier) his " Master, for which no Immunity is provided in the " ingagement, or he shall break any one of the Conditions of it, I do most strictly enjoin you, and it must lf be your special Care to endeavour, either by Force " or Surprize, to secure his Person, and bring him to " Justice; by bringing him to Justice, I mean that you " urge the Nabob, on due Conviction, to punish kipi " with Death, as a necessary Example to deter others " from the Commission of the like Crimes; nor must " you desist till this is effected. I cannot prescribe the " Means; but to guard myself against the Obloquy to " which I may be exposed, by a forced Misconstruction " of this Order, by those who may hereafter be employed in searching our Records for Cavils and Informations against me, I think it proper to forbid and " protest against the Use of any fraudulent Artifice of " Treachery to accomplish the End which I have prescribed; and as you alone are privy to the Order,

" vou will of course observe the greatest Secrecy that " it may not transpire; but I repeat my Recompiendation of it as one of the first and most essential

" Duties of your Office."---- That the said Warren

Hastings has highly dishonoured the British Integrity,

Simplicity, and Justice, by the wicked, scandalous, and perfidious Evasions and Distinctions in the aforesaid Instruction contained; for he well knew that the aforesaid Prince, the Nabob Vizier, who was by the said Instruction to be urged to put the said Almas to Death, had but a few Days before declared him innocent, and had, by a solemn Engagement, not only given him an Indemnity for special Offences particularized in his Pardon, as the said Warren did,

without any Grounds, suggest and suppose, but had pledged the Public Faith for the absolute Security of his Life: And even on a Supposition that the said Act of Indemnity had only specified particular Offences, it was an inhuman and most treacherous Mode of proceeding, and most contrary to all the Principles of Generosity, Humanity, and plain Dealing, to make Inquisition for such Particulars as might have escaped the Care of the Person obtaining the Pardon, in order to defeat the Purpose thereof, and to take away his Life. And he, the said Warren Hastings, was equally guilty in requiring the said Bristow to proceed in a captious and insidious Inquisition into any the most minute Breach of Conditions, in order to entrap the Life of the aforesaid Almas AH Khdn; and he was also highly criminal in directing him to be put to Death for undefined Misdemeanors, without stating whether those Misdemeanors were of a capital Nature or not; and did thereby give Lessons to a Prince of the East of the most dangerous Nature to the Lives and Fortunes of all Persons subject to his Authority; and the Caution with which he the said Warren Hastings did conclude his dangerous and slippery Order aforesaid, doth highly aggravate his Offence, as it shows that he was perfectly aware of the Construction to which such an Act was liable; and he did also highly aggravate the said Offence, by the Caution with regard to his own Personal Safety, with which he gave a Mandate of a Nature the most likely to involve the Person who was to obey it in five greatest Embarrassment and Danger.

That the said Bristow, from a Sense of the Perfidy and Peril of the Proceeding ordered by the said Warren Hastings, and the Shock which thereby would be given tp public Credit (the said Almas, on the Faith of the Residency, being Security for large Sums advanced by Bankers to the British Government) did not attempt |p se'^e.upon the said Almas Ali Khdn, but was content ' - with

844

3° M

A. 1787.

Articles of with taking Measures tending to lessen the enormous Transaction, for the said Almas was so far from Impeach- Power of the said Almas, of which the said Warren advancing any Money at the Time of the said Warren ^Hasttas Hastings had complained, to watch his Motions, and Hastings's said Letter to the Court of Directors, that

° ’ to give the said Warren Hastings Intelligence of any he had not paid up the regular Instalments which, by Design which he might entertain of leaving the said the Terms of his Farm, he had been obliged to make; Nabob Vizier’s Dominions; and the said Bristow did the said Warren Hastings wilfully intending in his said

Statement to deceive the Court of Directors, in order to make some Sort of Excuse for a Proceeding so contrary to all his former Proceedings and Professions relative to the said Almas, and so dishonourable to the Justice, Policy, and Humanity of this Nation.

furnish to the said Warren Hastings much more full, distinct, and apparently authentic Intelligence of the Intentions of the said Almas to retire from the Vizier’s Dominions, and of his corresponding with the neighbouring Powers for securing such Retreat, as also of his oppressive Administration, than he the said Warren Hastings had ever before received, notwithstanding which, without any previous Enquiry into the Conduct of the said Almas, or taking the smallest Notice of the frequent Intelligence given by the said Bristow of the Conduct of the said Almas, or of the Proceedings of the said Bristow with regard to him, and without apprizing the said Bristow of any Change in his Sentiments with regard to the Person whom he had ordered him in the Manner aforesaid to seize, and to cause to be put to Death, and without giving any

ARTICLE SEVENTEENTH,

Whereas, from the Laws and Customs of the East, which allow, and in some Measure require of great Men, a large Train of Wives and Concubines, the Families of the Princes of Indostan are generally numerous, and the Sons of the said Princes are all equal in Dignity, of whatever Mothers they may have been born; and they all accordingly are, or ought to be, maintained in an honourable Manner, suited to then-high Rank: And the said Warren Hastings actually

Sort of Answer to the said Bristow's repeated Letters, possessing the whole Power and Dominion of the Go-

on the Subject of the arduous and critical Commission so given by him, he, the said Warren Hastings, did write to this- very Almas Ali Khan, on the First of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, a Letter full of Expressions of Favour and Protection,

vernment of Oude, he was in Justice and in Duty bound to take Care that due Provision should have been made for the Brothers and Sisters of the said Nabob, the reigning Sovereign of Oude; but the said Warren Hastings wilfully, and to the great Scandal of the English

in which Letter he solemnly assured him, that he had Name, did neglect his said Duty, and did not interpose

never given Credit to the Accusations against him And the said Warren Hastings, soon after going to Lucknow to exercise the Functions of the Office of Resident in his own Person, did invest the said Almas Ali Khan with the same or greater Authority than he

through the public Resident, through his own Creature, the said Hyder Beg Khan, nor any of his own secret Agents aforesaid, for the just and laudable Purpose of obtaining any suitable Provision for the Brothers and other Relations of the said Nabob, although had before possessed, notwithstanding nothing appeared the said Warren Hastings did write to the said Princes to acquit the said Almas of the Embezzlements or in specious, plausible, and insinuating Language, calling Oppressions with which he himself had before charged them his (the said Warren Hastings's) Brothers, with him, or of Correspondence carried on by him with other soothing and affectionate Expressions to the like

Cheyt Sing, the deposed Rajah of , and the Mah-

rattas, for the Purpose of retiring from the Vizier’s Dominions, the authentic Documents concerning which- the Resident Bristow had recently transmitted to him the said Warren Hastings; but the said Warren Hastings, having then private Reasons for altering his Opinion, did complain of the Charges which had been made against the said Almas, as having been, according to his Expression, too laboriously urged against him, and which had nearly driven him to abandon his Country for the Preservation of his Life and Honour, and thus to give a Colour to the Charges themselves, when in Fact he the said Warren Hastings himself had been the most earnest and laborious Prosecutor of the said Almas, and no other Person appears, with any Certaiuty, to have made Attempts on the Life and Honour of the said Almas: And whereas the said Almas had theretofore held his Farms of Revenue only

Effect

That the Allowances made by Hyder Beg the

dependant Agent of the said Warren Hastings, and by him kept in Power in Defiance of his Master, for the Support of Twenty-one Princes, Brothers of the said Nabob, all of whom were arrived at Years of Maturity, so as to have been dismissed from the Zenana, or Women’s Apartment, did not exceed Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts; some of the said Princes did not receive their respective Allowances for nearly Two Years, and were absolutely compelled to subsist on the Charity of their Brother’s Subjects; which Defalcation of their scanty Maintenance, was in consequence of the great Pensions and Salaries paid to the Favourites and Creatures of the said Warren Hastings, and of his Instrument, the said Minister Hyder Beg Khdn; and in particular that, during or soon after the Time when the aforesaid Twenty-one Brothers of the from Year to Year, the said Warren Hastings, being said Nabob were restricted to the said very insufficient at Lucknow some Time in the Year One thousand and unbecoming Income of Twenty thousand. Pounds Seven hundred and Eighty-four, did give to the said a Year, or thereabouts, which was also never regularly Almas a Term of Six Years in his Farms of Revenue, paid, a single English Surgeon, Surgeon Thomas, thereby giving, out of the Reach of Correction or patronized by the said Wamren Hastings, did actually Resumption, a Lease of boundless Power and enormous receive from the Vizier nearly as much as thd nominal Profit to a Person by himself represented as a known Allowance of Ten of the Brothers of the aforesaid Oppressor of the People; that the said Warren Hastings, Sovereign the Nabob Vizier, the said Surgeon’s Allow-in order to give Colour to the said Proceeding, did, ance being Nine thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-in his Letter to the Court of Directors of the Thirtieth three Pounds Sterling a Year, or thereabouts; and the secret Agent of the said Warren Hastings did receive more than the whole Annual Allowance of all the Twenty-one Brothers of the said Nabob Vizier, who were out of the Care of the Women, and several of whom were married, and had Families to maintain; of charging wealthy Men with Crimes, and acquitting and the secret Agent of the said Warren Hastings, the them on the Advance of Money, is highly unwarrant- said Major William Palmer, enjoying an avowed able and scandalous, and would be so, even if the Annual Salary in Monthly Payments of Twenty-two Money had been really and truly advanced; whereas thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other large Sum, the said Warren Hastings did falsely represent the said which was generally reputed to be no more than a Part

of

of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, represent the said Almas as having purged himself of the Accusations against him, by a seasonable Advance of Money, which had been applied to the Use of the East India Company: That the said Course

7 Geo. III.

230 Mail.

845

of the Emoluments annexed to the Situation of the said William Palmer.

That, in or about the Month of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, Three of the said Brothers of the Nabob, namely, Myrza Ally, Myrza Imayut Ally, and Myrza Syef did

represent to the said Bristow, that they were in Distress

for dry Bread and Cloaths, and in consequence of such Representation were relieved by the Intervention of the said Bristow, but soon after the Deputation of the said Warren Hastings to Oude, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, that is to say, some Time in or about the Month of September, in the said Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, the said Myrza Hyder Ally, One of the Three Princes aforesaid, did fly to the Province of Benares, and did remain there in great Distress; and that although the said Warren Hastings did write to the said Nabob an Account of the aforesaid Circumstance, in certain loose, light, and disrespectful Expressions, concerning the said Myrza Hyder Ally, he did not, as he was in Duty bound to do, in anywise exert that Influence which he actually and notoriously possessed over the Mind of the said Nabob, for the Relief of the said Prince, the Brother of the said Nabob, but, without obtaining any satisfactory and specific Assurances, either from the said Nabob, or the said Minister, the said Warren Hastings did content himself with advising the said Prince to return to his Brother the said Nabob.

That in order to avoid Famine at Home, another of the said Nabob’s Brothers, by Name Myrza Jungli, was under the Necessity of flying from his Native Country, and did seek Protection from a certain Mahometan Lord, called Mirza Shuffu Khan, then Prime Minister of the Mogul, from whom he did go to the Camp of the Mahratta Chief Madajee Scindia, where he did solicit and obtain a Military Command, together with a Grant of Lands, or Jaghire, for the Subsistence of himself, his Family, and Followers: But wishing again to be received under the Protection of the British Government, the said Myrza Jungli, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, did apply to the said Resident Bristow, through David Anderson, Esquire, then on an Embassy in die Camp of the said Scindia; and, in consequence of such Application, the said Bristozv, sensible of the Disgrace which the Exile of the said Myrza Jungli reflected, both on the said Nabob of Oude and the British Nation, did negociate with the said Nabob and his Ministers for the Return of the said Myrza Jungli, and for the Settlement and regular Payment of some proper Allowance for the Maintenance of the said Myrza Jungli, but the Allowance required was ultimately refused; and although the Whole of the Transactions aforesaid were duly represented to the said Warren Hastings by the said Anderson, and by the said Bristow, and although he had himself received, so early as the Twenty-third of August One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, a Letter from the Vizier, grievously complaining of the cruel and extortious Demands made upon him by the said Warren Hastings, in which Letter he did expressly mention the Flight of his Brothers, and the Distresses of the Women of his late Father, who he said were all as his Mothers, and that his said Brothers, from the Resumption of their Jaghires, were reduced to great Affliction and Distress, and be did attribute the said Flight of some of his Brethren, and the Distresses of the rest, and of the Women who stood in a Species of maternal Relation to him, as owing to die aforesaid oppressive Demands; yet he the said Warren Hastings did cruelly, inhumanly, and corruptly, decline to make any Order for the better Provision of any of the said eminent Family, or for the Return of the said Prince, who bad fled from his Vo l. 42.

Brothers Court to avoid the Danger of perishing by Famine.

That some Time afterwards, that is to say, about the Beginning of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, the said Myrza Jungli did entreat the Patronage and Interference of the said Warren Hastings to procure for him (the said Myrza Jungli,) some adequate Provision from the said Nabob, his Brother: But the said Request was, on Two different Applications of the said Myrza Jungli, in an hard and unfeeling Manner refused by the said Warren Hastings; and the said Warren Hastings did assign as the Reasons of such Refusal, the Distresses and Embarrassments of the said Nabob’s Government, which the said Warren Hastings, by his corrupt Intrigues and criminal Mismanagement before mentioned, had himself occasioned. v

That some Time in or about the Month of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, the Nabob Behadre, another of the Brothers of the said Nabob of Oude, did represent to the said Bristow, that he the said Nabob Behadre had not received a Farthing of his Allowance for the Current Year, and was without Food; and being wounded by an Assassin, who had also murdered his Aunt in the very Capital of Oude, the said Nabob Behadre had not a Daum to pay the Surgeon, who attended him for the Love of God alone. That at or about the Period of this said Representation, the said Bristow was recalled, and the said Warren Hastings proceeded up to Lucknow, but did not enquire into the said Representations transmitted by the said Bristow to Calcutta, nor did order any Relief.

That by the criminal Neglect of the said Warren Hastings, in not originally appointing, or procuring to be appointed, some adequate and becoming Provision for the said Princes, the Brothers of the said Nabob, and in not enforcing the due and regular Payment of such Stipends or Allowances as were appointed, as well as in not giving some Mark of his Approbation to the said Resident Bristow, for his commendable Interposition in Behalf of the said Princes, nor of his Displeasure to the said Minister Hyder Beg Khan, for his culpable Conduct towards the said Princes, as also in not making any Enquiry into the said Representations of the said Nabob Behadre, transmitted to Calcutta by the said Bristow at the Conclusion of his Residency, and in declining to pay any Regard to the aforesaid Applications made directly to him, the said Warren Hastings, by some or one of the said Princes, the said Warren Hastings did become, and is fully responsible for the aforesaid Distresses of the reigning Family of Oude, and did thereby bring Disgrace on the said Nabob Vizier, the first Prince of the Mahometan Empire in Indostan, and did discredit and dishonour the Justice and Humanity of the British Name throughout all the East.

ARTICLE EIGHTEENTH.

And whereas the said Warren Hastings hath frequently declared, that the System of Interference in Oude, by Means of an English Resident, was an Usurpation, and was, in his Opinion, productive of many Evils and Disorders in the Government of the said Province, and did pretend that he had opposed the Introduction of the same: That the said Interference, however proper, being in direct Contradiction to his avowed Principles, ought by him to have been wholly declined, or exercised in direct Obedience to Orders, and his Part therein taken with the greatest Caution and Moderation; yet, having in View his own corrupt Advantage, and that of his Agents, hp did himself continue that Interference to which he had so objected, and from Time to Time did encrease the Powers of the English Agents by him appointed, and

10 F did

Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Hastings.

40 239 Mail A- 1787.

Articles of did make various Divisions and Distributions of the six, the said JVarrfli Hastings $d ft leeflt jp^ke Eight

Impeach- said Powets, and did frequently, and without any different Changes in the said Office of Resident.

ment against Reas0Ug assigned, remove the Persons intrusted with And, during the said Succession ,of Agents, the r. astmgs. sucjj. Agency: That; after the Dismission of the said sa^d Ifjrrep having ft for his Object to obr

Bristbw, and the Re-appoinfment of the s^id Middle- tain and to secure hiirjs.ejf, for h/s minister and (for-ton, hereinbefore alledged, when the said Middleton rupt Purposes, the full and cofnplept Contrpul and had continued' in Office for Two Years longer, he Dominion qif Oqije, as far ps might he, without the was recalled by the said Warren fastings, without any Interposition or pvqn Priyity of his lawful Masters the Cause assigned; and Mr. Hosea, since deceased, went Court of Directors, hp (the said WHostings) be-tip to Oude, under1 some actual Appointment, or Agree- sides usurping the sole, iouqediatp, and personal Nor ment for an Appointment, and was for a while there mination of the Public Residents, and changing them received, and wa3 considered as Resident, but was at Jus arbitrary Pleasure, did hinpsplf, pp various Ocr suddenly recalled: That the said Middleton, did then casiops, carry on with certain of thp paid Residents a resume his Office, but was the same Year superseded private and secret Correspondence, of which he did by the said Warren Hastings, who appointed Mr. Pur- never make any regular Entry on the Records of the ling to the said Residency: That, in a few Months Company, as by Law he was bound to do; but did afterwards, the said Warren Hastings removed the Resi- only produce, at particular Junctures, such Parts and dent Purling (as in former Instances, without Cause Fragments of the said Correspondences as might suit assigned) and restored the said Middleton, who conti- his Designs of the Moment; and he, the ?ajd nued, upon such Restoration, about a Year in Office , did further correspond with the said; Resi-

singly: That, during these Transactions, the said dents through secret, confidential, and unofficial Bristow having come to England, and obtained Trvo Channels, among which were Major* Palmer and positive Orders from the Court of Directors for his Major Davy, Mr. Charles Crofts, the Sub-Treasurer, Reinstatement, the said Warren Hastings did wilfully and Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, His Majesty’s said Chief disobey the said Orders, and, on Record, did revile Justice at Fort William, in Bengal: That, to the and insult the said Bristow, throwing out many Insi- criminal Ends aforesaid, the said Warren Hastings did, nnations against his (the said Bristow's) Integrity, for by his Influence, prevail with the said Nabob to appresuming to claim, under the Authority of the Di- point as his Minister, or to continue against his Will, rectors, who were the legal Masters both of the said a certain Mahometan Native, called Hyder Beg Warren Hastings and of the said Bristow, and, the who did profess himself to be, as in Truth he was. Day after he the said Warren Hastings had recorded a the immediate Dependant of the said Warren Hastings, Minute to this Effect, he did propose a new Com- and to have been by him, the said Warren Hastings, rflission for Oude, dividing the Office of Resident, and raised from the Dust; with many other like Express appointing the said Bristow to the Political, and the sions of the most implicit Obedience and Submission said Middleton to the Pecuniary Department, and did to the Will of the said Warren Hastings; and did de-thus make Two Residents, which had no other Ten- clare himself ready to enforce certain Measures, even dency than to confound the said East India Company’s against the Inclination of his Master the said Nabob, Affairs, and to increase its Expences, or that of their if he were authorized so to, do by an Order or Letter Allies, and the said Expences were thereby unneces- from the said Warren Hastings: And the said Warren sarily increased. Hastings did record his Beljef and Knowledge, that

That, during the said Bristow’s Residence, which Hyder Beg Khdn affixed the Name and Seal of the continued some Month's under the said last Appoint- said Nabob to Letters written without his Consent; ment, the said Warren Hastings never answered one of and that the stud Nabob was a Cypher in the Hands his Letters, nor gave him any Instructions, nor suf- of the said Minister Hyder Beg; and the said Hyder. fered the said Nabob to confer with him on any Af- Beg, possessing thus the entire Administration of Oude, fairs whatever; and did remove him on Pretence the said Warren Hastings did, from Time to Time, that he was Personally disagreeable to the said Nabob, exercise a Power of direct Censure and Controul over That the said Warren Hastings, afterwards, did ap- the Conduct of the said Hyder Beg; and did hold out point the said Middleton to the Office of Resident, Menaces to him, and, did threaten him that he ' together with Mr. Johnson as his Assistant therein, and would influence the said Nabob to institute a strict did, some short Time after, again appoint the said Scrutiny into the Administration of him the said Hyder Bristow to be Resident, pretending, in a Letter on Beg Khdn, and to punish him thereupon; while, on that Subject to the Court of Directors, that such Ap- the other Hand, the said Warren Hastings did pro-pointment was made in Obedience to their Orders; nounce the Persons of the Ministers (whereof Hyder but in a Letter which he caused to be written to the Beg Khdn was the principal) to be sacred, while they said Vizier, he studiously disclaimed that Motive, and should act with the Participation of our (meaning, ia declared therein, that though it had been his, the said Truth, the said Warren Hastings’s own) Influence. Warren Hastings’s, Intention to have so appointed the And the said Warren Hastings did hold Secret said Bristow, yet he had postponed such Appoint- Communication, "both with the said Hyder Beg Khdn ment, lest it should be understood at Lucknow that it and the said Nabob himself, through some of the was made in consequence of Orders from Europe confidential Channels before-mentioned; and through (meaning Orders from the said Court of Directors); a certain Mahometan Native of high Rank at and further declared, that the contrary was the Case, called Ibrahim Khdn; and through a certain Na-and that the said Bristow was the Object of his own tiye Rajah at Calcutta, named Rajah Gooind Ram, particular Patronage: And in about a Year after- Vackepl or Minister to the said Nabob of Oude: wards he did again remove the said Bristow, in order And the said Warren Hastings did never produce, or to obtain in Effect the said Office of Resident for cause to be produced (as he was by Law bound to himself; and he the said Warren Hastings did accord-' do) any regular Copy of such Communications, either ingly perform the Function of the said Office himself, to or from him the said Warren Hastings, but did only some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred record such Parts thereof as he occasionally thought and Eighty-four, and then left it in the Possession of proper: And hq, did further privately receive from a private Agent of his own, namely, Major Palmer; the said Hyder Beg divers Applications, Remon-r and thus, in' the short Space of Seven Years, or strapees, and Cqmplaints, at different Times, against thereabouts, from the Death of Colonel Monson, in sundry of the British Residents in Oude, and did profile Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- ceed thereon.; and in consequence, thereof, did exhi-

5 bit

27 Geo. III.

23° Mali.

S*47

Mt formal Chfcrg£s dghih^t thfe said Residents, and did ter of Reprimand aforesaid; and afterwards, on the Article* of remove them, in some Cases, before any solemn En-. Twentieth of October following, he did again write to the Impeach-qwry had, or any Defence, of any Kind, in any Man- said Khan, menacing him as aforesaid, not- ^H^ina.

ner required. withstanding the Sanction which the said/farren Hast-

And, in order thfe more effectually to manage, for ings had so recently given to the recriminatory Defence of hfe own evil Purposes, the confused and intricate the said Hyder Beg, by the immediate Removal of the said Johnson without Enquiry.

That, on the Twenty-second Day of the aforesaid Month of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, only Fifteen Days after the Removal of the said Johnson for the alledged Crime of Opposition to the said Minister Hyder Beg, the said

System (of Government, both through the Native Minister and the British Resident by nim established and supported, imd to govern and direct, according to his Own corrupt and criminal Views, the Cabals and Intrigues to which such a Government must necessarily give Rise, the said Warren Hastings unlaw-

fully, and contrary to his Duty, did send up to Luck- Warren Hastings, in Consequence of Intelligence from now, to be present on the Spot, a Third and secret the said secret Agents or other Persons unknown, Set of Agents, namely, the said Major Palmer, his did further recommend to the Board the Dismission of Military Secretary and confidential Agent, and Major the said Resident Middleton, for not having carried Davy his private Persian Interpreter and private Se- into Effect the Conditions and Spirit of the Treaty of cretary: And the said Warren Hastings, in certain Chunar, in which the said Resident Middleton had been

Letters to the said Nabob, has declared the said Pal- opposed by the said Minister and the said Nabob; and mer to be a9 himself (Warren Hastings) to have the the said Dismission of the said Resident Middleton was same Thoughts, and to be, as it were, his (the said contrary to the "Good Faith of the said Warren -Watren Hastings's) own Tongue: And the said War- tings, who, in Reply to a private Request of the said ren Hastings did transmit, through the said Agents, Nabob, did promise to the said Nabob the Resident divers Letters to the Minister or the Nabob, of which Middleton should not be removed but at the Desire of Letters the public Residents did not receive any Copy or Translation, nor were in any authentic Mode informed as to the Contents thereof; and in divers Letters to the said Nabob, and to the said Hyder

the said Nabob, or of himself the said Middleton, or to that Effect, and this Promise, bearing Date the Twenty-third of May One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was recorded by the said Warren

Beg Khitn, which Letters were recorded by the said Hastings himself on the Bengal Persian Correspon-W1arren Hastings, there do appear frequent and re- dence; and soon after the said Promise, the Resident peated References to the said Major Palmer, or Major Middleton did quit his Station with Leave of Ab-

Davy, for further Information; but all or most of the Letters which conveyed such Information he the said Warren Hastings hath wilfully and illegally suppressed: And the said Warren Hastings, by the same

Means of clandestine Communication, did receive the aforesaid Representations and Accusations against

sence, and did not return till the last Day of,

or thereabouts, that is to say, about Three Weeks before his Recall.

That, by having thus, on the unexamined Evidence of his private Instruments, removed the Resident Middleton and the Assistant Resident Johnson,

the Residents from the said Minister Hyder Beg Kh&n, within the Space of One Month, on Grounds so con both in his own Name, and in that of the said Na- tradictory and inconsistent in themselves, the Assistant bob: And that the said Warren Hastings, by taking Resident Johnson for opposing, and the Resident Mid-Part, through the said confidential Agents, some- dlelon for not opposing, the same'individual Minister times with the Resident, and sometimes with the — -

Minister, at the Instigations of some Persons unknown, and without any due Examination into the Merits or Demerits, either of the Resident or the Minister, did wilfully, and for some evil Purpose, abet and ferment the Disturbances and Distractions necessarily incident to the perplexed System of Go-

Hyder Beg Khun; the former of the Two professedly in order to quiet the Nabob’s Apprehensions, and the other in Contradiction to the direct Request of the Nabob himself; the said Warren Hastings did throw new Difficulties and Discouragements in the Way of any Resident who might succeed, as there was no Line of Conduct whatever left to him, for which One vernment before stated; and in particular, that some of his immediate Predecessors had, not been punished Time in or about the Month of August One thou- with Dismission, and for which he might not appre-sand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, the said War- bend similar Disgrace, through the dark Machina-ren Hastings, on the Representations of the said Secret tions of the said Warren Hastings and his private In-Agents, or some other Persons unknown, did write struments aforesaid; and by the said Examples, toge-one of the threatening Letters aforesaid to the said ther with the continued Operation of the secret Sys-Hyder Beg; but in Return having received from the tem of Cabal and Intrigue aforesaid, and the rapid said Major Palmer, one of the said secret Agents, Change and Succession of Agents within the Space of a Letter mentioning, in genetaV Terms, the LJsurpa- about Seven Years, many of them in Defiance of Orders, tions of Mr. Johnson, the then Acting Resident, and and all upon Motives of Cabal and Intrigue, he did ac-the Insults of the said Johnson to the said Hyder Beg; cordingly weaken and render odious the British Go-and having also produced a Letter privately sent from vernment, disturb and distract the Government of the said Hyder Beg to the said Major Davy, another O disorder the Company’s Affairs, protract the of the said secret Agents, containing the like gene- Payment of the Debt due to the said Company from the tal Charges against the said Johnson; the said Warren said Nabob, and give strong Incitement to Rapacity Hastings, on the Seventh of September One thousand and Peculation, in a Place exposed to the greatest Seven hundred and Eighty-two, did Tecommend to Temptation, and furnishing the most abundant Means of the Board at Calcutta to order the said Johnson im- unlawful Acquisition, mediately down to Calcutta, with peculiar hlatks of a t> t 1 r 1 t? v

DVsnWre and Disgtace; the said barren Hastings ARTICLE NINETEENTH, pretendw* exceeding great Alarm at the Information That the said Warren Hastings having declared nun-contained in the aforesaid Letters, although the said self sensible that the Affairs of Oude had been long in an Hyder Beg Kh&n, in his Letter to the said Major Davy, ill Condition, and were daily growing worse, ow ing to did represent himself as having before made the same the Misgovemment which prevailed therein, and winch or similar Charges against the said Johnson, which had not been reformed in consequence of the Kegu-Charges did not then create such Alarm in the said lations directed, and the Powers by him given to the Warren Hastingi, iuasmuch as the said WartenHastings Resident Middleton, in the Year One thousand beven did subsequently write to the said Hyder Beg the Let- hundred and Eighty-one, in virtue of the treaty ot

subsequently "V01.. 42.

Chunar,

848 $3° Mail. . 1787.

Article! of Chunar, he did therefore,' under the Pretence of the

nvent^ainst ^ft®1" Regulation of the said Provinces, in the Month Mr. Hafttagp. of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, appoint John Bristow, Esquire, to the Office of Resident in Oude, and did, on the Twenty-third of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, give to the said Bristow sundry minute and particular, as well as large and general Instructions, by which, for the Purpose of reforming the Abuses which prevailed in the said Nabob’s Dominions, he did in Effect and Substance authorize and require the said Bristow to exercise all the Functions of Government, in an eminent and controuling Manner, representing the Necessity thereof from the said Vizier’s Disinclination and Inaptitude to Business, which rendered him a Cypher in some Hands or other; and from the little Reliance which could be placed on his Minister Hyder Beg Khan, of whose Character and Morals he did, in the said Instructions, give a most unfavourable Representation, and he did declare the said Bristow responsible for the due Observance of the said Instructions, and the Exercise of the Power therein given; declaring, in the following Words, or Words to that Effect, That from the Nature of our (meaning the British) Connection with the Government of Oude, and from the said Nabob’s Incapacity, a Necessity would for ever exist, whilst we had a Claim of Subsidy upon the Resources of his Country, of exercising an Influence, and frequently substituting it entirely in the Place of an avowed and constitutional Authority in the Administration of his (the said Nabob Vizier’s) Government; and in the said Instructions he did declare that he had Recourse to him the said Bristow for the Introduction of a new System in that Government, and that he could not omit, whilst he expressed his Reliance on him the said Bristow for that Purpose, to repeat the Sentiments which he the said Warren Hastings had expressed in the verbal Instructions which he gave the said Bristow at his Departure, that there could be no Medium in the Relation between the Resident and the Minister, but either the Resident must be the Slave and Vassal of the Minister, or the Minister at the absolute Disposal of the Resident; and he the said Warren Hastings did, in various other Parts of the said Instructions, vest large Powers in the said Bristow, wholly superseding and controlling those of the said Nabob’s Acting Minister, the said Beg, and did threaten

the Dismission of the said Minister, in case of the Opposition to be expected to assist him, which was in Effect to over-rule the said Minister s own Power; and he the said Warren Hastings did particularly direct the said Bristow to appoint regular Offices in the said Government, not One Office being therein existing, the Whole being engrossed by the said Minister, the said Hyder Beg Khan, alone; — to regulate the Troops, which had been ill regulated and ill paid — to establish Courts of Justice, there being none existing in Oude, he the said Warren Hastings having asserted with Truth, that the Want of such Courts was the most discreditable Defect in the said Nabob Vizier’s Government; and he did also give Directions concerning the Revenues and other Matters, and the Reformations and Regulations by him directed were proper, and in the then State of Oude necessary, and he was bound to give all due Support to the said Bristow, in carrying the same into Execution, in Opposition to the said Hyder Beg Khan, and others, whose Interests in the Continuance of Abuse must have been deeply affected by the Reformations by him in the said Instructions prescribed; but the said Warren Hastings, having conceived a strong Animosity against the said Bristow, on Account of his original Appointment to Office under Persons in Council, whom the said Warren Hastings opposed, and on Account of his the said Bristow's subsequent legal Claim to Office,

under the Authority of the Court of Directors, which he the said Warren Hastings did seem particularly to resent, did contrive, under the Mask of Friendship, and an extraordinary Degree of Trust and Confidence, most perfidiously to betray and grossly to injure him the said Bi'istow; and he’the said Warren Hastings, contriving also for his own corrupt and self-interested Purposes to encrease those Disorders in Oude, which he pretended be had appointed the said Bristow to reform, he did very early after his Appointment of the said Bristow endeavour to counteract the said Bristow in all his Endeavours for that Purpose, and did uphold and maintain the said Hyder Beg Kkdn in an Opposition to all the necessary Plans of Reform by himself, the said Warren Hastings, ordered and directed; and though he had ordered the said Bristow to inform him, from Time to Time, of his the said Bristow’s Progress in the Execution of his the said Warren Hastings’s Orders concerning the several Reforms therein directed and specified, and the Obstructions he might meet with therein; and though the said* Bristow did diligently pursue the Objects entrusted to his Care, and did regularly write to the said Warren Hastings, and did faithfully represent to him the State of the Country, the several Matters which he proposed for the Regulation thereof, and the Difficulties which he had to encounter; yet the said Warren Hastings, although he had made it an Article of Accusation against the former Resident Middleton, that he had not regularly corresponded with him the said Hastings, excepting the Share of One Letter from the Council, approving of his the said Bristow’s Measures (to which Measures he secretly gave, or countenanced others to give, an Opposition) did for the greater Part of the Time the said Bristow remained in Office never, or very rarely, write to him; nor did he the said Hastings give to the said Bristow any Instructions whatever upon any one of the delicate and difficult Objects so largely insisted upon in his Commission;

And for the Purpose of preventing the Council from giving a Support to the necessary Reforms, which were, in direct Obedience to his the said Warren Hastings's Orders, attempted in Oude, he did maliciously, wilfully, perfidiously, and fraudulently, against Law and his Duty, hold back for Three Months an important Letter from the said Bristow, to him the said Warren Hastings, and to the Council General, dated the Twelfth of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two. And when he the said Bristow did inform him, in the fullest Manner, of the Opposition given by the said Hyder Beg KhAn to all the Acts in the said original Instructions prescribed, and did complain thereof to the said Warren Hastings, in his several Letters of the Twelfth of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, the Thirtieth of the same December, the Twenty-first of January, Fourth and Thirty-first of March, and the Eighth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, none of which Letters were recorded by the said Warren Hastings till on or after the Twenty-first Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, with the Enclosures therein contained, he the said Warren Hastings did not pay any Sort of Regard whatever to the Representations of the said Bristow, but did produce to the Council, at various Times, Letters or pretended Letters from the said Nabob, in Opposition to the Measures pursued by the said Bristow, under his the said Warren Hastings's Authority, as an Usurpation on the said Nabob’s Authority.

And the said Warren Hastings, in direct Contradiction to his own written Declarations, to the solemn written Assurances which he had given to the said Bristoto, and to the Denunciations which in Writing he had authorized the said Bristow to make to the said Minister Hyder Beg KhAn, implying that his Obedience to the said Resident did form the Terms upon which he.

would

47 Geo. III.

430 Mail.

would be permitted to bold his Office; and that he the said Warren Hastings would not receive as the Nabob’s, Letters dictated by the Spirit of Opposition, but should consider every such Attempt as an Insult on our Government; and did declare, or ordered it to be declared, to the said Hyder Beg. Khun, that be did expect that nothing should be done in his the said Hyder Beg Khan's Official Character, without the Knowledge and Participation of the said Resident; yet he the said Warren Hastings did, without Hesitation, or even the Pretence of an Enquiry, receive as the Nabob's own Letters, and as written from Impressions on

delicate and difficult Situation, without any Rule or Articles of Direction whatever: And the said Warren Hastings, in impeach-due Time, no longer concealing his being himself a went against Candidate for the Office of Representative of the Com- Mr. Hasungs. pany in (fade, and discovering more and more his real View, which was to fill, before his Departure for rope,. or his Recall thither, that subordinate, but most lucrative Office, caused the Accusations to be renewed against the said Bristow, on the Part of the said Nabob Vizier, and the said Hyder Beg and others, against the said Bristow, in which he conducted himself in an unjust, violent, and intemperate Manner, using a shameful

his the said Nabob's own Mind, and as the Sugges- Partiality with regard to the said Accusers, and a

tions of his own Judgment, Letters written in the Spirit above-mentioned, and such as were evidently written to promote tire Views of the said Hyder Beg Kh&n, in which Light he the said Warren Hastings had solemnly declared that he would consider such Letters, and did state them as a poor Deception, and a thin

scandalous Prejudice against the Accused, in Violation of all Duty, in all the Capacities in which he did or might stand in the said Proceedings, whether he be considered as an Accuser, a Judge, or a Counsellor of State, at the Head of an Administration. That further, in pursuance of his unjustifiable Views of

Veil, to cover the Designs of the said Hyder, and that personal and local Power in Oude, he the said Warren

he would look on the Guilt of writing such Letters fcs aggravated by the Falsehood and Duplicity with which they were accompanied; and he the said Hastings had in this Case more particular Reason than ever to consider the said Letters as being written to promote the Interests of the said Hyder, and not the Inde-

Hastings did cause and instigate the said Vizier to make pathetic Lamentations of his Situation, and to call for his the said Warren Hastings's Presence in Oude, as the only Means of quieting his Mind, and re* establishing his Affairs: And the said Warren Hastings did, by throwing out Insinuations against the other

pendency of the said Vizier, because his the said War- Members of the Council, and threatening them with ren Hastings' secret Agent, Palmer, accusing the said the Consequences of what might result from the exas-

Bristow, and being a Witness against him, did repre sent the said Vizier as having informed him the said Palmer that the said Bristow had gone the Length of letting the said Vizier know, that if he pleased he was the Master in his own Government, and was free to dismiss his Minister at his Pleasure, or to that Effect. And further, the said Warren Hastings did accept and take several Letters of the said Hyder Beg, accusing the said Bristoiv, as Proofs, although the said

perated State of Mind which he represented the said Nabob and all the principal Persons of the Gountry to be in, and which Discontents, and the Disorders consequent thereto, the said Warren Hastings did foment, if not cause, he by those and the like evil Acts and Violences, and by the aforesaid and by other unwar* rentable Acts by him devised and practised, did obtain the Removal of the said Bristow from his Office, and his own Appointment thereto, or to an Office in that Hyder Beg was a Party, and interested, as well as the Country, of the same or greater Power and Authority, said Palmer; the said Hyder having, in the Course of And the said Wan'cn Hastings, in all the Acts and that Dispute, applied to the said Warren Hastings to be Neglects of Duty aforesaid, by wilfully declining to solely employed, both for the Company’s Concerns support the Execution of his own Orders, as well as and the said Vizier’s; and the said Palmer confessing, by traversing, or causing to be traversed, the said that he had a Prospect of the Residency, and the said British Resident Bristow, in effectuating the Refonna-Hyder having made a direct Proposal, the said Hyder, tions by himself known to be necessary, and recoin-to be by his the said Warren Hastings's Power placed mended as such in his said Instructions, not only be* in the Management of the Nabob’s Affairs, and also trayed a Servant of the Company, whom it was his

employed to transact, on their Part, those of the Com- Duty, so far as in Justice he could, to protect, but

pany, and having engaged, if so employed, that he by the Plots and many Devices of him and his Instru- ♦

would obey the said Warren Hastings's Orders, though ments, weakened and dishonoured the British Govern-secretly operating; yet the said Warren Hastings, not- ment and Authority in the said Province, and thereby withstanding his perfect Knowledge of the interested prevented the Recovery of the Company’s Assign-Motives of the said Hyder and Palmer, and the Note- ments, and by countenancing the Prevention of proper riety that both were his Dependants, and notwith- Offices, he did encourage Peculation and Confusion standing the Insinuation of the said Hyder Beg, tempt- in Accounts, and Mutiny in the Army, and the same ing the said Warren Hastings, by offering to obey his did happen in consequence thereof, and in particular Orders, secretly operating, he the said Warren Hast- by his the said Warren Hastings's heinous Offence'itv ings, having thrown off all Regard to Decency as well countenancing an Opposition to the Establishment of as to Justice, did attempt, on the mere Charges of Courts of Justice in Oude, he the said Warren Hastings these Persons, One of them, namely, Hyder Beg, a is the Cause of all the Want of Security to the Pro-Person stigmatized by him in his Instructions to this perty and Lives of the Inhabitants, and of the many very Bristow, as a most abandoned Character, to de- Mischiefs, Disorders, Tumults, Robberies, and Mur-prive the said Resident of his Office, without hearing ders, which, from Want thereof, did thereafter happen his Defence; and when the said Warren Hastings failed in the said Country of Oude, and even in the Capital to persuade the Council to concur with him in this City of Lucknow.

unwarrantable Act, and that they remonstrated to him, that the only Offence with which the said Resident was charged consisted in some totally ineffectual Attempts to execute the said Instructions, he the said Warren Hastings, in a Letter to the said Bristow, did revoke the said Instructions, and did, in insulting Terms, write to the said Bristow, that he should not dare to

ARTICLE TWENTIETH.

That the said Warren Hastings did take a Commission or Delegation to act for the Governor General and Council at Lucknow, or some such Delegation or Commission, on Condition of finding the Security of responsible Bankers for the Payment of the Viziers act upon them, or to use them as his Instructions, and Debt on or before the Month of January One thousand yet did not propose any other in their Stead, leaving, Seven hundred and Eighty-five; and he did proceed as far as in him lay, the said Resident entangled in the for Lucknow on the Fourteenth of February One thou-Plots and Conspiracies of his the said Warren Hast- sand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, and returned ings'% said Agents and Instruments, to act in a most to the City of Calcutta on the Third of November One Vol .43. wG thousand

3° Mali. A. 1787.

Article* of thousand Revert hundred and fcighty-four. That the Impeach- said Commission or Delegation to be executed by him, ment against Governor General, was totally unnecessary for any r. astugs. OQe of the Objects by him the said Warren Hastings done, or proposed by him to be done, in the said Delegation; and he did bring upon the East India Company, by the said unnecessary Delegation, a Charge of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other great Sum, for the Expences attending the same, at a Time when the said Company laboured under very great Difficulties, and when the strictest (Economy was raised for; and he, the said Warren Hastings, did take with him a great Train of English Gentlemen, to the Number of Thirty, or some other large and unnecessary Number, besides his Guard, although he was well aware that the Vizier Nabob of Oude did always consider the Presence of English Gentlemen as bringing upon him a heavy Burthen; and though the said k rarren Hastings, in his Justification of the Treaty

of Chmar, did, through his Colleague Wheler, inform the Court of Directors, that the Removal of the English Gentlemen and Officers from the Vizier’s Court, as well as Service, was a Point in which the National Honour and Reputation was well consulted, or to that Effect. That the said Warren Hastings, being at Lucknow as aforesaid, did come to some Agreement or Stipulation, purporting that no British Resident should ever be sent into Oude, and that no British Influence, secret or avowed, should be exercised within the same, whilst the Vizier continued to fulfil his Engagements to the Company, which voluntary Act of Abdication of the Power and Influence of this Kingdom in the Province of Oude, he, the said Warren Hastings, was not legally authorized to make, without express Orders for that Purpose from the supreme Authority; and he did presume to bind the East India Company to the Observance of the said unwarrantable Agreement, by causing to be inserted in the Leases of the several Farms, let by the said Vizier, a Clause, whereby foe said Leases, and all the Conditions and Engagements therein stipulated, were to be annulled and made void, wherever the said Farmers should be interrupted in their Functions by the Interference of a British Agent, thereby unlawfully precluding, as for as in him lay, on foe one Hand, foe Operation of the Discretion-of his Masters in the Conduct of their Affairs, or on foe other subjecting his said Masters to an Imputation on their Faith, by breaking an Engagement confidently made in their Name, though without their Consent, by him the said Warren Hastings, who was the first Officer of their Government. That the said Warren Hastings, in thus surrendering all the Influence and Authority of the said East India Company as an Arrangement beneficial to the Country so by him abandoned, and as serviceable to the said Company, did act in direct Contradiction to sundry Declarations by him recorded, and transmitted Officially for the Information of the Court of Directors, and of His Majesty’s Ministers, wherein he did represent the Exercise of the said Influence as absolutely necessary to the said Company’s Affairs, as highly beneficial to the Country in which it was to be employed, as well as to foe Prince; and that the Government of Calcutta would always retain the same, or to that Effect; as also, that he bad provided for the Lawfulness of the same, under foe Powers given by a Treaty, namely, foe Treaty of Chunar. That the said Warren Hastings did, in his several Letters of the Thirtieth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, to the Court of Directors, and of the First of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, to the Council General, assign Reasons for foe said voluntary Abdication of Authority, highly dishonourable to the British Name and Character; as by the said Letters, Reference being the reunto had, will appear. And his Offence herein is highly aggravated, because the Im-

putations thrown by hint bri the British Nation and British Government, and their Influence, in large and general Terms, so far as the same are just, arc entirely owing and imputable to the Misconduct of the said Warren Hastings himself, and his Agents, or of the Persons employed, supported, and protected by him.

That while the said Warren Hastings did thus endeavour to destroy the Dependence on British Faith, and wholly to take away and destroy the British Authority in the Province of Oude, he, the said Warren Hastings, did nevertheless attempt, contrary to his Duty, to create an exclusive Reliance and Dependaucc on his own personal Faith, and to establish and confirm his own Government by Means of his own personal Influence, and through his own immediate Agents in the said Province of Oude. That after the said Warren Hastings had signed the aforesaid Agreement, renouncing all Influence in the said Country, and had stipulated that there should be no Resident of the said East India Company in the said Province, he, foe said Warren Hastings, did nevertheless, on his Return to Calcutta, after he quitted the said Province, stay some Time in the City of Benares, for the Purpose of exercising, contrary to his Duty and Faith, his own Influence and Authority in and over the said Government of Oude, and did leave behind him a Resident of his own, at a known Yearly Expence to the said Nabob of Twenty-two thousand Pounds Sterling, or some other large Sum of Money. That after his Return to Calcutta he the said Warren Hastings did, contrary to Justice, bring forward new Charges against the late Resident, John Bristow, purporting that he the said Bristow, during his Residency, had paid a large Establishment of English Pensioners from the Revenues of the said Nabob, when at the same Time he the said Warren Hastings did well know that many of the said Pensioners had been settled thereon by himself, and none by foe Authority of the said That the said Warren Hastings did also corruptly leave under the aforesaid Major Palmer a large Establishment of English Pensioners, authorized by him the said Warren Hastings to be paid out of the Revenues of the said' Nabob; and the said Warren Hastings did thereby, in Contradiction to his Faith and Duty, maintain and preserve in the said Province of Oude a great Interest, and an extensive Connection of Dependants to himself at an heavy Expence to the Revenues of the Country, after he had altogether relinquished all Authority and Influence therein on Behalf of his lawful Masters, the East India Company.

That when the said Warren Hastings withdrew all public Influence of the East India Company from the said Province of Oude, he did (except inasmuch as lie may himself still have retained a personal, secret, and unwarrantable Influence therein) wholly give up and abandon the said Nabob and his Territories, and foe East India Company’s Interests therein, to the entire Dominion of the said Hyder Beg Khan, without any-Controul or Inspection on the Part of the ‘ said Company, though he the said Warren Hastings was well apprized of the Unfitness of the said Ilyder Beg for the said Trust, or for any Trust, and had expressed the strongest Disapprobation of the said Hyder Beg's Misconduct in many particular Instances, besides trie universal Disorder of the Country; and had even intimated an Opinion, that the said Hyder Beg might involve our Government in a new Scene of Hostilities by those which his Maladministration might produce.

And the said Warren Hastings, by his Agreement aforesaid, did further leave sundry of the great Farms of Revenue in the Province of Oude under Almas Ali Khan, whom he had represented as a disaffected Person, and whom he had ordered to be punished with Death.

That

47 Geo. III.

2f-24'

Mail.

The lords hate agreed to the fiilf> intffilled, Ati Milford Road Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Term Bill and Powers of an Act, passed in the FbUrth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of

That by the Agreement aforesaid the said JVarrm Hastings, contrary to Justice and to Honour, did abandon all the Persons who had acted in the Reforms

proposed by himself, such as Mawlavy, Mowbain,

Maksmet Cauzim, and others, exposed without any

Stipulation (weak as that Security would have been) Milford, through to the Portsmouth Road

to the Resentment of so implacable a Tyrant as the between Lippock and , in the several Ctfutrties of said Hyder Beg K.hdn, who was publicly known, and Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton; without any Amend-1

whom the said Warren Hastings himself knew to be ment: And also,

exasperated against the said Persons, for the Part The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Uttoxeter Tn-which they haa taken under the said Wairen Hastings's Act for inclosing and leasing, or letting, certain Commons cl°Wr* Bill, own Authority. or Waste Grounds lying within the Township or Con-

That the Bankers, whose Security the said Warren stablewick of in the County of Staffordi Hastings took for the Payment of the said Nabob called The High Wood, and The Heath, and applying Vizier’s Debt to the said Company, were irresponsible the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poore Rate, or othdr Persons, who soon after failed. That the pretended Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Town-Payment of the Nabob's Debt was delusive, and was ship or Constablewick, and within the Constablewick not accomplished by the Time at which the said of the Rectory of; without any Amend-

Warren Hastings undertook it should be discharged; ment: And also,

and that the said Wat ren Hastings, contrary to the British The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dumfries

Faith, did violently take away a Security given by Act for continuing and amending several Acts, made bX*

John Bristow, Esquire, late Resident, to a certain in the Third Year of the Reign of King George co Native Banker, called Gopdl Doss, who, in Conse* the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of King quence thereof, did make a Demand for Payment of George the Second, and the Second Year of the Reign the same on the East India Company, and did thereby of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two much afiect the said Company’s Credit. Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling,

That by violently restraining and anticipating the on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or said Nabob Vizier’s Resources, for which Kind of sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges Proceeding the said Warren Hastings had before thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and actually accused and impeached the aforesaid Resi- for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, dent, Middleton, and by leaving the whole Administra- and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping,

tion of the Finances of Oude to the said Hyder Beg and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and Kh&n, and the said Almas Ali Khdn, he the said War- out of the Port of the said Town, for the better re-ren Hastings did much and dangerously affect the Pay- pairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleans-ment of succeeding Years, notwithstanding the An- ing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other pub-nual Charge oti the said Nabob was exceedingly di- lie Places, within the said Town, and widening the minished, yet the Debt of the said Nabob to the said Streets where necessary, and removing and preventing Company did stand as high as Four hundred thousand Nuisances therein; without any Amendment.

Pounds Sterling, or some other great Sum of Money, And then the Messengers withdrew, in the Month of July One thousand Seven hundred

and Eighty-six: In all which Actings and Doings, Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House inland in all the said wilful and corrupt Neglects of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning joum.

Duty, he the said Warren Hastings hath been, and is, next, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further The House, according to Order, proceeded to take King’s Mes-Consideration Tomorrow Morning. into Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Mes- !a§e 'e8Pwt-

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said sage of Monday last. Prulceof

Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker. WaWsDebts

the Members of the House. Resolved, contradicente, That an humble Ad- considered,

dress be presented to His Majesty, assuring His Ma- Addres* And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow how sensibly this House at all Times feels the

Morning, Ten of the Clock. Gracious Proofs of His Majesty’s constant Attention

to the Interests of His People, particularly in the Directions which His Majesty has given for making

--- — -------------- — ----- — . - — an additional Allowance to His Royal Highness the

Prince of Wales out of His Majesty’s Civil List, in order to Temove every possible Doubt of the Sufficiency of His Royal Highness’s Income to support amply the Dignity of his Situation, without occasioning any Increase to the Annual Expence of the Public.

That it is with the greatest Satisfaction this House learns, that His Royal Highness has given His Ma-

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and jesty the fullest Assurances of His Royal Highness’s Mr. Walker: firm Determination to confine his future Expencts

Mr. Speaker, within his Income, and has settled such Regulations as

Portsmouth

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An His Majesty ttnsts will effectually secure the due Exe-Ch&pel Bill. Act for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Com- cution of His fyoyal Highness’s Intention.

mon, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Sout- That His Majesty may depend on the Zeal and af-ampton; without any Amendment: And also, fectionate Attachment of His faithful Commons, to

Hadley Cha- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An afford His Majesty the Assistance He desires for thd yd But. Act for taking down and re-building the Chapel of Discharge of His Royal Highness’s Debts; and that, Hanley, in the County of Stafford, for vesting the in full Reliance on the Assurances which His Ma-Right of Nomination in Trustees, and for enlarging jesty has received, this House humbly desires, that the Chapel Yard, and other Purposes; without any His Majesty will be graciously pleased to direct the Amendment: And also, Sum of One hundred and Sixty-one thousand Pounds

Vol. 44. to

Jovis, 24* die Matt;

Anno 27* Georgii III. Regis, 1787.

Fratixs.

The Lords Wrt agreed to

852 24* — 28 0 M^.1787.

to be issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List for that Purpose, and the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds on Account of the Works at , as soon

as an Estimate shall be formed with sufficient Accuracy of the whole Expence for completing the same in a proper Manner j and to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Third Report The House proceeded to take into further CoBsidera-of Articles of tion the Report which was Yesterday made from the ment°Chainst Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Articles Mr" Hastings Impeachment against Warren , Esquire, late

considered. Governor General of Bengal

And the Eighth Article of Impeachment being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Ninth Article being read a Second Time; Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Tenth Article being read a Second Time; Resolved, That the said Article be One other of die Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Eleventh Article being read a Second Time; Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Twelfth Article being read a Second Time; Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire.

The Thirteenth Article being read a Second

Time;

Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Watren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Fourteenth Article being read a Second

Time;

Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Fifteenth Article l>eing read a Second Time; Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Sixteenth Article being read a Second Time; Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Seventeenth Article being read a Second

' Time;

Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Eighteenth Article being read a Second

Time;

Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Watren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Nineteenth Article being read a Second

Time;

Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

The Twentieth Article being read a Second Time; Resolved, That the said Article be One other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren

Hastings, Esquire.

Ordered, That thfe said Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, saving Liberty SavingCtam* to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles to * t"* against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire; and that pare he may be put to answer the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire; do withdraw immediately, and prepare the said Clause.

Mr. Francis reported from the said Committee/ Reported. That they had, pursuant to the Order of the House/ prepared a Clause, saving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, and that he may be put to answer the same; and he read the Report m his Place, and afterwards delivered the Clause in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

And the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any Time hereafter, any further Articles, or other Accusation or Impeachment, against the said Wirren Hastings, Esquire, and also of replying to his Answers which he shall make unto the said Articles, or any of them, and of offering Proof to the aforesaid Articles, and to all and every other Articles, Impeachment, or Accusation which shall be exhibited by them, as the Case shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require, do pray, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, may be put to answer the said Crimes and Misdemeanors, and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Trials, and Judgments, may be thereupon had and given, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

The said Clause being read, a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed, with the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, which have been this Day agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunae, 28° die Maii;

Anno 27* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller of the Household reported to Answer to the House, That their Address of Thursday last Address, (desiring that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct the Sum of One hundred and Sixty-one thousand Pounds to be issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List, for the Purpose of discharging His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales’s Debts, and the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, on Account of the Works at Carleton House, as soon as an Estimate shall be formed, with sufficient Accuracy, of the whole Expence for completing the same in a proper Manner; and to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for Relief for the better Relief and Employment- 01 the Poor of the Poor

within0"

?0

F

till

COI

ia

r

!I<

ic

Sr

li

V

F

27 Geo. III.

28° Mail

hi

within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

Poor Bill presented, committed,

and reported. land:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Daniel Parker Coke accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall he sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Gilbert, from the Committee appointed to in- Further spect and consider the Returns made by the Overseers Appendix re-of the Poor, relative to the State of the Poor, and »Pect,"g also by the Ministers and Churchwardens, relative to Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons, vered in in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, and to report, from Time to Time, their Observations thereupon to the House, and how far the Directions of the said Acts have or have not been complied with, delivered in to the House a further Appendix to the Report which was made from the said Committee upon Wednesday last.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Appendix is preserved amongst the other Papers of tins Session.

Several ingrossed Articles (being the Eighth, Ninth, Articles of Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Impearh-Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Articles) of Impeachment 6f carried to the High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Has- Lords. tings, Esquire, late Governor General of were

read.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report from into further Consideration the Report which was made Post °®ce from the Committee who were appointed to esquire. into certain Abuses in the Post Office.

And the said Report was again read.

adjourn*.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House tins Day, adjourn till Morning

next.

Sutherland

Vim.

Mint.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher t

of the Black Rod; VoBilU

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peefs, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, wart up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That tire House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present the Prlnce Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canter-Parliament for the Shire of Sutherland, in the room of burV> *e Lord High Chancellor of Great,

William Wemyss, Esquire, who, since his Election for the President of the Council, and several other

the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltevn Hundreds the ssdd Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Buckingham. Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify _ the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to as followeth- viz.

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- i^ans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the liament for the Borough of Ryegate, in the County of "Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-Surrey, in the room of Edward Leeds, Esquire, who, seven

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by the Office of Steward of Ills Majesty s Manor of East Eoans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Hendred, in the County of Berks. Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Fife, In the room of Lieutenant General Robert Skene, deceased.

\ol. 4L

Fife Wat.

thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a "Lottery.

to H An

854 Mali. 1787.

An Act to ftngbld the Lord Hi{£j Treasurer, or Cornmiasionets Of the Treasury, for the Thne being, <0 let to Ftffth the DufieS grUrited by an Act, made is the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, ofl Horsed let to Hire for travelling Post, and by TiiSe, t6 Su6h Persona as dbouM be willing to contract for the same.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and Coun-4‘ cil of the Duchy of Lancaster to dell and dispose " of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements " within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy," itid to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy.

An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to His Majesty.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others* who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having befell stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attoriiies and Solicitors.

An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise* in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah Mart tegO Bay, and Santa Lacca, in the Island of Jarftdka; in the Pott of Saint George, Ip the Island of Grenada: in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; ana in the Port of Ntusau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under celrtain Regulations and Restrictions.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners bf His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase of the Proprietors of Coal MinCs and Coal Works on the Estate Of -ran, in the County of Fife, the Right of Ekeiiiption from Paytfierit of the Duty on Coals exported.

An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be foade Use of in the Court of Session of the County Palattrte of Chester, and for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Saits depending in the Same Court.

An Act for obviating Objections to the Competency oif Witnesses in certain Cases.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief if Purchasers.

An Act for re-building the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary, IVansUde, alias IVahstead, in the County of Essex.

An Act for taking down and re-buil'dittg the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of Stafford, for vesting the Right of Nomination in Trustees, and for enlarging the Chapel Yard, and other Purposes.

An Act for building a hew Chapel upon Portsmouth Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

An Act for confirming a Charter, Or Letters Patent, granted by His Majesty, to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raking a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said COrporation, fend Of their Clerk, with certain Alterations; and for 'establishing the Said

Scheme, and irtipdwering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution.

An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof.

An Act for continuing and amending several Acts, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a t)uty on Goods imported and exported into, and out of, the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Places within the said Town, and widening the Streets where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

An Act for taking down the Guild Hall, or Town Hall, in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and re-building the same.

An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

An Act for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon, called The High Gaol, a public and common Gaol, and for discharging jDenys and

John Rolle, Esquires, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, from the Office of Keeper of the said Gaol, and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a new one, and also for taking down the Chapel in the Castle of Exetert and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the Premises belonging to the Old Gaol or Prison Of thfc County of Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purpose Of conveying the same to the Right honourable Frances Viscountess Irwin, and her Heirs, and to declare the New Gaol or Prison, lately built, to be the Common Gaol for the said County.

An Act for building a New Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively.

An Act for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorized to be made and maintained by so much of several Acts, made in the Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith or Rivet of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Catron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or RiVer of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir BurnfOot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening the said Cut or Canal, and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal.

An Act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing lighting, tihd Watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lattes, df hod tn the Town and Port of Sandwich,

27 Geo. III.

38°' Mali.

*55

in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes mouth Road between Lippock and in the several of Saint Peter tke Aponte, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Counties of Surrey, Sasser, and Southampton.

Satnt Clement, in the said Town, Port, and County, ' " ’

and for removing and preventing Incroachments,

Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Qttay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven, and for regulating the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge.

An Act for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repair-

An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of Yerlc, and also the Heir Loom, devised and bequeathed by the Will of the Honourable and Most Reverend Robert late Lord Archbishop of York, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange inserted in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Robert Salusbury, Esquire, with Katherine his tVHe.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of William Simpson, Esquire, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and

ing and widening the Hoad from High Bridges, in the Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spaih the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewndtt's Lane to other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu Yoxall Bridge, in the said County, so far as the same thereof, to the same Uses.

relates to the Two Districts of Road therein de- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common scribed. Fields within the Township of Lastingham, in the North

An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead- Hiding of the County of York. ing from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayton An Act for dividing^ and inclosing the Commons Bridge, and the New Bridge over the Pees or Pass of and Waste Grounds witlrin the Manor, or reputed

Manor, and Parish of Milwich, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Manors, and Township or Townships of Stecton and Eastbam, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the

Cockburnspath, to Dunglass Bridge, and also the Roads leading horn Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berw ick.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road County of York. from Muckley Comer to Walsall and Wednesbury, and An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and In the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of to the Two first Districts of Road therein com- Sawley, in the County of Derby.

prized. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Open

An Act for continuing die Term, and altering and Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Sixth Year of Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Chester, in the County of Derby.

Road leading from High Sullen in Wednesbury, to the An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Corn-

further End of Dariaston Lane, next The Portway, and mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

from thence, through Bitston, to the further End of and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Melbourne Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and and King's in foe Parish and Lordship Of

from Bilston, in the County of Stdfford. Melbourne, in foe Courtty of Derby.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two An Act for inclosing and leasing, or letting, certain Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Town-of foe Reign of his late Majesty King George tire ship or Constablewick of Uttoxeter, in the County of Second, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Stafford, called The High Wood, and The Heath, and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln. applying foe Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Kate,

An Act for amending and widening the Roads from or other Taxes or Public Expences the said

the City of Chester to foe WoodsideFerry, in foe Town- Township or Constablewick, and within foe Constable-ship of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester; and from wick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter. the said City to the Assembly House in Parkgate, in An Act for naturalizing William Homeyer. the Township of Great Neston, in the said County;

and from Great Neston aforesaid to foe said Woodside A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion Ferry; and from the Road leading from the City of posed, That it appears to this House, that great Abuses respecting Chester to Parkgate aforesaid to the Road leading from have prevailed in foe Post Office, and that foe same the same City to the said Woodside Ferry. being made known to His Majesty's Ministers, it is 03 c'

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and en- foeir Duty, without Loss of Time, to make Use of such large the Powers, of an Act, made in the Sixth Year Means as are in foeir Power to reform them; of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing The House was moved, That an Act, made in the and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Road, in foe Parish of Hursley, in the County of South- intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to

ompton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond, and Newtown River; and for amending and keeping in Repair foe Road from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in the said Town of

Newbury, to foe Turnpike Road at Speerthamland, in the said County of Berks.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening foe Road from a Place near foe proposed Question be now put; Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Ports- It passed in the Negative.

Vol. 42.

" enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and " Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in foe several Public Offices therein.

" tioned, to examine into any Abuses which may " exist in the same, and to report such Observations " as shall occur to them, for the better conducting " and managing the Business transacted in the said " Offices," might be read.

And foe same was read accordingly.

And the previous Question being put, That the said Previous

~ Question*

Neg.

Ordered,

»56

a 8° Mail.

A. 1787.

Report from Ordered \That the further Consideration of the

Committee ®,ePort» H'b,cfi was made from the Committee who adjourned forwere appointed to enquire into certain Abuses in 3 Months, the Post Office, be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

The Lords have agreed to

Leith Harbour Bill.

Expiring Laws Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

Public Offices The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Commission- ^\ct for appointing Commissioners further to enquire in-<r* to the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments,

which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Road from Saint Bernards Street in the Town of Leith, to the Foot of Leith Walk, in the County of Edinburgh, and for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same; and for amending Two several Acts, passed, relative to the said City, in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation, of certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax imported; without any Amendment: And also,

Shipping and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Navigation to enforce and render more effectual several Acts, passed B, N- in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; without any Amendment: And also.

Land Tax The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Commission- Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of sear* Bill. veral of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by " a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seveu hundred and Eighty-six," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill for mak- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ing Allow- Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise; without any Amendment: And also.

Newcastle

Playhouse

Bill.

Spirituous Liquors Licences Bill.

Consolidated Fund Bill.

Bill for the Prevention of Smuggling, &c.

ance* to Dealer* io Foreign Wines.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town aind County of the Town of Newcastle Tyne; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences, to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated I und, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and.Eighty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Ajrica, imported into this Kingdom; and, for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs; without any Amendment: And also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Glass, imported into Great Britain, and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass, made in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropw Butlei', and a

certain Intercommon Field and Meadow, called The Fern Field and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship, and the Lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the j„nji Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amendments An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- to Uatclitte dows, Pastures, Commons, and Wasie Grounds, lying "C0SI,re 1 within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

Amendments were read; and are as

Glass Duties Bill.

American Loyalist* Commissioners Bill.

Ratcliffe Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Cropwell Tn-closure Bill, with Amendments.

agreed to.

And the said followeth; viz. Pr. J. 1. 7.

Leave out " the Most Noble," and insert " Right honourable ;" and in the same Line, after " Elizabeth," insert " Countess

" Dowager

*7 Geo. III.

28° M

857

1. 8.

1. 29.

Pr. 15. L 19.

1* 36.

Pr. 16. 1. 4.

Pr. 19. 1. 7. Pr. 20. 1. 3. Pr. 21. 1. 2.

1. 33-Pr. 22. 1. 5.

L 39-

Pr. 23. L 14.

Pr. 25. I. 14.

Pr. 32. 1. 13.

Pr. 46. L 15.

Pr. 47* 1. io.

Pr. 48. 1. 6.

" Dowager of Bristol, as Devisee under the Will of the " Most Noble Evelyn, late " Duke."

Leave out " Duchess."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess, H and insert " Devisee under the Will of the said late Duke."

Leave out Duchess," and insert *' Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the i 41 said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

After " whatsoever" insert " Provided always, that no such " Exchange or Exchanges shall " be made by the said Vicar or " his Successors, without the " Consent and Approbation of " the Lord Archbishop of York, " and of the Patron or Patrons " of the said Vicarage of Ra " for the Time being."

Leave out " Duchess, and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert u Devisee under the Will of the " said late Duke."

After " only" insert " other than " and except the said Vicar and " his Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Medaws do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord* ships.

Pr. 1. 1. 18.

1. 19. Pr. 3. 1. 2.

Pr. 13. 1. 5.

1. 9.

1. 18. 1. 19.

Pr. 18. 1. 23.

intermixed in the said Lordship, and the Lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow eth; viz

Leave out " her Grace the " Duchess," and insert *\ the " Devisees under the Will of " the Most Noble Evelyn late " Duke."

Leave out " Claims," and insert " Claim."

Leave out " her Grace the " Duchess," and insert " the " Devisees under the Will of " the said Evelyn late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " the Devisees under the Will " of the said Evelyn late " Duke."

Leave out " her," and insert " them."

Leave out " she or."

Leave out " Lady or," and after " Lord " insert " or Lords."

Leave out " her Grace the " Duchess," and insert " the " Devisees under. the WiU of " the said Evelyn late Duke.’*"

Pr. 49. 1. 30, \ Leave out " her Grace the

&31.J " Duchess," and insert "the

" Devisees under the WiU of " ’the said Evelyn late Duke."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisees under the Will of " the said Evelyn late Duke of " King." Leave out " her," and insert

" his."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisees under the Will of " the said Evelyn late Duke."

After " whatsoever" insert " Provided always, that no such " Exchaoge or Exchanges shall " be made by the stud Vicar or " his Successors, and the said " Curate or his Successors,

" without the Consent and Approbation of the said Chapter of Southwell."

Leave out " Duchess," and insert " Devisees under the Will of " the said Evelyn late Duke." I.39.’ After "only" insert " other than " and except the said. Vicar and " Curate, and their Successors respectively."

Lives" insert " other than and except the said Vicar and " Curate, and their Successors "respectively."

After " Life " insert " other than " and except the said Vicar and " Curate, and their Successors " respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Medows do carry the Bill to the

Pr. 50*

L 34-

1. 36.

1. 13.

Pr. 53* L 7*

Pr. 59; 1. 26.

Pr. 60.

Pr. 62. 1. 13. After

it

Pr. 66. t 9.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

Amendments the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath iwfcsur*1* tituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord- Bill agreed Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste ships. h. Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropwell

Butler, and a certain Intercommon Field and Mea- A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Petition re-dow, called The Fern Field, and Great Meadow, lying Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being In-Vol. 42. 101 habitantsu, Ternm*

in the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

Brecon Writ

Argyll Writ

Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Hastings delivered to the Lords.

Royal As&ent to Bills.

858 a8° — 30 0 1787.

habitants of the Royal Burgh of Glasgow, and praying for an Alteration of the present System of Government in the Royal Burghs of Sco, being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, SO* die Anno 27* Georgii III. Regis, 1787.

Prate as.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Brecon, in the room of Charles Morgan, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mrl Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for die Shire of Argyll, in the room of the Right honourable Fred&'ick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Burke reported, That he did, on Monday last, pursuant to the Order of the House, deliver to the Lords, and had left with their Lordships, several in-

f ossed Articles (being the Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, seventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Articles) of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bongtd.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Msly-neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Glass imported into Great and for altering

the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain:

An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences, to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spi* tuous Liquors:

An Act to enforce and render move effectual several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the

Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation:

An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats, not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and, for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs:

An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise:

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax imported:

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven:

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government:

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices:

An Act for making a Road from Saint Bernard’s Street, in the Town of Lath, to the Foot o Walk, in the County of Edinburgh, and for widening, and enlarging certain Streets in the City of and the Avenues leading to the same; and for amending Two several Acts, passed, relative to the said City; in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign:

An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town and County of the Town of New castle upon Tyne:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields^ Meadqws, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, it lying

8jM»

Spell

ft

fn

HttMajttty

Speech.

Parliament

prorogued.

27 Geo. III. 30°Maii. — ii° Julu. — 16° Octobris. 859

lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Lilierty of Cropwell Butler, and a certain lntcrcommon Field and Meadow, called The Fern Field and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship, and the Lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot close this Session of Parliament without expressing My entire Approbation of the Zeal and Assiduity with which you have applied yourselves to the important Objects which I recommended to your Attention; and at the same Time returning you My particular Thanks for the Proofs which you have given of your Affection for Me, and for My Family and Government

The Assurances which I receive from Foreign Powers, of their good Disposition to this Country, and the Continuance of the General Tranquillity of Europe, afford Me great Satisfaction; but Dissentions unhappily prevail among the States of The United Provinces, which, as a Friend and Well-wisher to the Republic, I cannot see without the most real Concern.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Chearfulness with which you have granted the necessary Supplies, and the ample Manner in which you have provided for the several Establishments, demand My sincerest Thanks.

I see, with particular Satisfaction, that you have, at the same Time, been able to furnish the Sum Annually appropriated to the Reduction of the National Debt, without imposing any new Burthens on My People.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I reflect, with peculiar Pleasure, on the Measures which you have taken for enabling Me to carry into Effect the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce with the Most Christian King, and for facilitating the Collection, and simplifying the Accounts, of the various Branches of the Revenue, which, I trust, will be productive of the most beneficial Effects. And I rely upon your using your best Endeavours, in your several Counties, to carry into Effect the Measures which have been taken for the Prevention of illicit Trade, and to promote good Order and Industry among every Class of My Subjects.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the 31st Day of July next, to be then here holden j and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 31st Day of July next

Martis, SI. die;

Anno 27* Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the prorogued. Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the 16th Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 16th Day of October next.

Martis, 16* die;

Anno 27* Georgii II1, U Regis, 1787.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the prorogued. Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 15th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 15th Day of November next

Vo t. 42.

INDEX

TO THE

FORTY-SECOND VOLUME.

27* Geo. III. Pai'l. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

A BERBROTHOCKTwo Pennies Scots, Petition for

" a Bill to contiaue Term of Acts; referred to a Committee; 7 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 22 Mar. Presented, atad read, 3 Apr. Petition from the Society of Maltmen of Aberbrothock, against; to lie on the Table till Second Read* ing of Bill, ana Counsel ordered; 17. Day appointed for Second Reading, 20. Second Reading deferred, 30 Apr. 2 May. Bill read a Second Time; Counsel heard; Debate on Motion for committing the Bill adjourned; 8 May. Debate further adjourned, 9. 14. Resumed; Bill committed; Leave given for Committee to (it on a certain Day; 15. Bill re* ported; to be ingrafted; 17. Passed, 18. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

Accounts, E/limates, See.

Fifteenth Report from the Commissioners of public Accounts, presented; read, and ordered to be printed; 26 Jan. — Copy of Treaty of Navigation and Commerce with France; of Convention with Spain; and Translations; presented, 26 Jan. The first referred, 5 Feb. Vide France. — *Copies of Orders in Council, &c. for changing the Destination of Convicts who had been sentenced to be transported to Africa and America; of D% fixing the Destination of Convicts sentenced to be transported to Parts beyond the Seas; presented, 29 Jan. — of Extraordinary Services, ordered, 29 Jan. Presented, 27 Mar. Referred to Committee of Supply, 2 Apr. To Committee of Ways and Means, 7 May. — of Surplusses, ordered, 29 Jan. Presented, 26 Mar. Referred to Committee of Supply, 2 Apr. — of Disposition of last Year’s Grants, ordered, 29 Jan. Presented, 19 Apr. Referred to Committee of Supply, 25. To Committee of Ways and Means, 7 May. — Accounts of prohibited East India Goods, and of Naval Stores imported from Russia; of Ships employed in the Whule Fishery; presented, 31 Jan. The last presented from Scotland, 6 Feb. — Statement of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Lofres and Services of the American Loyalists, to the Lords of the Trea-lury, made up to the 25th of December 1786, ordered, 31 Jan. Presented, 6 Feb. — Account of Amount of Ekchequer Bills made out by virtue of Act of last Session, for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; of D° made out by virtue of D*, for raising a further Sum by D°; ordered, 1 Feb. Presented, 2. Referred to Committee of Supply, 5. — Copy of Convention with France; and Translation; presented, 1 Feb. Referred, 5. Vide France. — Account of Money granted for the Use of the British Museum, and the Expenditure thereof, ordered, 1 Feb. Presented, 6. Referred to Committee of Supply, 2 Apr, — Copy of a Letter from Mr. Bristow to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated 22d January 1777, ordered, 1 Feb. Presented, Vol. 42.

2. to be printed, ibid. — Lift of all Offices, Places, and Employments of the East India Company, in the East Indies, with the Salaries and Emoluments, presented, 2 Feb. — Account of Quantity and Value of the Imports into Great Britain from France, between 5th January 1714 and 5thwJanu-ary 1787; of Quantity and Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported from Great Britain to France, in the same Time; of Foreign Produce and Manufactures exported from D* to D* in the same Time; ordered, 2 Feb, Presented; to be printed 55. Referred, 12. Vide France. — of Stock of Wine in the Possession of Dealers on 5th July and 29th November 1786, and also of Wine imported and consumed within the said Period; of D* on ist September 1786, and also of Wine imported and consumed between 5th July and 3iftAuguft; ordered, 2 Feb. Presented; to be printed; 7. Presented from Scotland, 6 Mar. to be printed; referred; ibid. Vide Revenue> — of Value of Imports and Exports to and from Great Britain and Portugal, from 1703 to 1786, ordered, 2 Feb. — of Quantity and Value of Imports and Exports to and from Great Britain and Portugal, distinguishing the Articles and Years, from 1760 to 1786, ordered, 2 Feb. Presented; to be printed; 6. 7. Referred, 12. Vide France. — of the several Duties received upon Malt, Beer, and Spirits distilled from Malt, distinguishing the Quantity of such Spirits charged with Duty in 1783, 1784, 1785, and 1786, ordered, 2 Feb. Presented; to be printed; 8. Presented from Scotland, 6 Mar. to be printed; referred; ibid. Vide Revenue. — of the Value of

all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into. Great Britain, from Christmas 1783 to Christmas 1785, ordered, 2 Feb. Presented; to be printed; 9. — Lift of Pensions, with the Names of the Parlous to whom the same are granted, since the 6th of February 1786, presented, 6 Feb. — Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines borne and muttered each Month, from ill January 1786 to 31st December 1786, ordered, 6 Feb. Presented, 8. — First Report from the Board of Land Revenue; and Schedule of Estates held by Lease from the Crown; presented, and ordered to be printed, 8 Feb. — Accounts of the British Imports to, and Exports from, Portugal, in 1772 and 1773; Slate of the Trade between the British Dominions and Portugal, in 1785; presented, and ordered to be printed; 8 Feb. Referred, 12. Vide France. — Account, from the Bank, of the Receipt and Expenditure of 500,555/. in the First and Second Quarters, from 2d August 1786 to 31st January 1787, by the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt; likewise, an Account of the Receipt of 254,110/. to be applied in the Quarter between the lit of February and ill of May 1787, presented, 12 Feb. — of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for applying certain Sums Annually to the Reduction of the

A National

1

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume.

National Debt, presented, 12 Feb. — of Amount of Bounties paid on the Exportation of Malt, from Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1786, ordered, 15 Feb. Presented, 12 Mar.; from Scotland, 17 Apr. — of Wines imported into England in 1786, distinguishing the Quantities which have paid Customs only, from those which have paid Customs and Excise, ordered, 15 Feb. Presented; to be printed; 10. — Copies or Duplicates of such Extrails of the Bengal Con-fullations of 4th November 1776, as relate to the Appointment of Mr. Belli to be Agent for Victualling the Garriiba of Fort William; D* of a Contrail entered into between the Governor General and Council of Bengal, ijfi 1779* and Mr. Belli, for furnishing Provisions for the Garrison of Fort William; D# of such Extraits of the Bengal Confutations of 1776 and 1777, as relate to Proposals for feeding and providing Elephants for the Company's Service, with Copy of the Contrail entered into for that Purpose with Mr. Templer; ordered, 15 Feb. Presented; to be printed; 20, — Extrails from the Bengal Persian Correspondente of 1781 and 1782, relative to Furruckabad, ordered, 23 Feb. Presented; to be printed; ibid. — Extrall of such Parts of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Fort William, relative to the Grant of a Pension to Mr. Shee, after his Recall from Furruckabad, and also relative to his subsequent Appointment of Judge of the Adawlet at Dacca* ordered, 23 Feb. Presentedi 26.* — Account of Amount of all Malt exported, frod Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1786, also the Quantity exported from Midfutmner 1786 to 20th February 1787, ordered, 23 Feb. Presented, 14 Mar.; from Scotland, 3 May. — of the Number of American Loyal-ids who receive Annual Allowances for Services performed, although they have loft no Property, and Amount of Allowances paid them; of the Number of Persons who receive Annual Allowances in Consequence of the Loss of their Professions in America, distinguishing the Total Amount of the Allowances paid them; ot D* who have loft Property in America, and receive Allowances, with Total Amount of Annual Allowances paid them; of Df who have Claims for Loss of Property, but receive no Allowance or other Support ffomGovernment; of Money paid to the American Loyallfts in Consequpnce of the Grants of 150,000l. and 178,500l. in the Two }a(t Sefiio ns, distinguishing the total Amount paid tp those wfio have received forty per Cent. and to those who have received Thirty per Cent, on their liquidated Losses; ordered, 26 Feb. Presented, 6. Mar.-^Gopy of Minute figried by General Clavering, and entered in the Bengal Consultations, 13th January 1777; Copy or Duplicate ot a Contrail entered into by the Governor General and Council of Bengal with MellYfc. Heatley and Young, &c. for Opium; ordered, 2 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 5. — Account of Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending at Christmas 1786, with Duties and Drawbacks, ordered, a Mar. Presented, 12.; from Scotland, 13. — of the Number o^ Rendezvous established in Great Britain and Ireland for railing Segnjen, the Number of Men raised, and Expence incurred, from lft June 1770 to 31II Mapqh 1771, ordered, 7 Maw., Presented, 20* — Copies of all Persian Correspondence, not hitherto delivered in, relative to the Internal State and Condition of the Province of Oude and its Dependencies, and concerning the Reigning Family thereof; Account of all Remittances in Treasure or Bills to Mr. Hastings, from Calcutta or Oude, during his Absence from Calcutta in 2781, and the Account given by him of the Expenditure thereof; of the Time of the Receipt, by the Paymaster General at. Lucknow, of an Advance by Hyder Beg Cawn of Ten Lacks of Rupees mentioned by Mr. Hastings in his Letter from Lucknow, 30th April 2784, for the Subfiiience of Troops stationed in the Upper Provinces, with an Account of the Expenditure, and Vouchers; of all Payments made by the Acting Minister at Lucknow, from the Time of Mr. Hastings’s Arrival till his Departure from thence, with an Account of the Expenditure, and Vouchers; of all Advances or voluntary Contributions mentioned to have been made by Almas Ali Kh&p in the l'everal Letters of the Governor General from Lucknow; of all Suras supplied to the Presidency of Bombay and its De-

Sndencies, by Bills from Lucknow, drawn by Order of Mr.

aftings, or any Residents in Oude, between January 1784 and January 1785; of all Sums paid from the Company’s Treasury at Lucknow, for the Use of Regiments stationed in the Upper Provinces, during the Residence of Mr. Hastings there, in 1784; of Pay and Arrears due to the Regiments stationed in the Upper Provinces, from xft January 1784 to the Time Mr. Hastings quitted Lucknow; of all Sums received upon the Company’s Alignments, or in Liquidation of the Nabob’s Debts, during the Residence of Mr. Hastings at Lucknow, not including the Sums above mentioned; of Sums charged for Durbar Charges by Mr? Huttings during his Residence in the

Upper Provinces in 1784, with the Particulars thereof; Return to the Order made by the Governor General and Council of 15th February 1785, relative to the Debt due to Gopaul Doss, Banker of Benares; Account of all Sums of Money received at Calcutta as a Remittance from, or by the Order, or under the Authority of, Mr. Hastings from Lucknow, from his Arrival at that Cily to the Time of his leaving the fame; of any Arrear on the due Payment of his Instalments, incurred, by Almas Ali Khftn, on or before the 30th of April 1784; ordered, 7 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 12. 13. i5.-^-Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Directors of the East India Company, dated 8th August 1782, with its inclosures, relating to Mr. Frafer’s Contrail for Repair of the Bunds, Pools, and Dykes in Burdwan; of all Accounts received of the Ships Betfcy and Non such, and of the Success of their Voyage to Canton in 1782, when laden with 'Opium on the Company’s Account; of the Revenue Letter from Bengal, received by The Ranger; of a Letter from Sir John Macpherson, received by D°; of a Letter from Mr. Larkins to the Chairman of the East India Company, received by D#; of such Advices from Bengal, or China, relative to the Exportation of Opium to China, &c. on the Company’s Account, as are not yet before the House, and of any Orders sent to Bengal on the same Subjell; ordered, 8 Mar. Presented; to be printed; *2. X3. — -Copies of such Minutes and Proceedings field in Bengal, and Letters to and from the Court of Directors, as are not now before thettowfe, relating to Mr. Croft’s Bullock Contrail; Mr. Templer’s Elephant Contrail; Marine Contrail; Mr. Belli’s Contralt and Agency; Sir John Day’s Allowances; Sir Eyre Coote’s Allowances; Surgeon General's Contrail; Mr. Frafer’s Contrail; and Opium Contrail; ordered, 9 Mar. Presented, in part; be printed; 15 — Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hastings to the Directors of the East India Company, dated Cheltenham, 21st August 1785, ordered, 9 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 12. — Copies of Sir John Macpherlbu’s Minutes, dated 9th April and 11th July 1785, relative to Opium, ordered, 9 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 13. — Copy of a Letter from Major Geperal Stibbert to the Governor general and Council of Bengal, dated 22d August I77& relative to Draft and Carriage Bullocks; Account of Amount of Bonded or other Debts due by the Government of Bengal on id December 1781, the Afnodnt of Bills accepted and not paid, and of Arrears due on the Civil, Revenue, and Commercial Departments at the safate Period; Copy of the Arrears, Civil and Military, due by the PrCfi-dencies of Bombay and Fort Saint George, at the same Time, and Amount of Bonded or other Debts then due by each Presidency; Account of Arrears due to the Army in Bengal and Oude, at the same Time, and of the Arrears due to Colonel Muir’s Detachment, &,c. &c.; ordered, 12 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 13.20. — Accounts of Mercers Company, presented, 13 Mar. — Account of Amount of Assessments made on Shops, by All 25 Geo. III. for One Year, ending at Michaelmas last, distinguishing how much of the said Aireffments have been "made for each County, &c. &c. ordered, 13 Mar. Presented, 16. Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that the Clerk had received a Return from Edinburgh, 7 May. — of the Expence of the Impress Service during the last War, distinguishing the Expence at eich Sea Port, the Number of Men procured Annually, &c. &t.; of Bounties paid to Seamen during the last Vvar; of the Number of Men who died after they were irr, pressed, an.d before they were put on Board the Ships in which they were intended to serve, from the Beginning to the End of last War; of the Number of Seamen who deserted during the last War; of the Number of Protections granted to Seafaring Men during the last War, and the Fees paid for the same; ordered, 13 Mar. Presented, 27. — of Surplus of Orphans Fund; of Money received and paid on Account of watching, lighting, cleansing, and repairing B|ackfriars Bridge, 8tc.; for making a Street from Moorfields to Bi-ftioplgate Street, &c.; for purchasing the present Tolls for navigating on the River Thames; for making, enlarging, &c. the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, in London; presented, 14 Mar. — of the Number of Chaldrons of Coals imported into the Port of London, from 31st December 1785 to lit January 1787, with the Duties paid thereon, ordered, 14 Mar. Presented, 26. — Copies of Persian Correspondence between the Nabob of Furruckabad and the Governor General of Bengal, since the lft of January 1786, and also a Copy of the Correspondence between Mr. Willis, the British Resident at Furruckabad, and the Government of Ben-

Sd, since that Period; Copy of a Letter from the Governor eneral and Council of Beugal, dated 16th October 1781, and from Mr, Macpherson to the Court of Directors, dated in April 1783; of the Miuutes of Mr, Hastings and Mr.

Macpherson

INDEX to rfe Forty-second Volume.

Macpherfcn in the Revenue Department, relative to the Increase of the Revenues, dated in November 17825 ordered, 14 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 20. — Account of African Company; Orders and Regulations; Cursitor Baron’s Report; presented 15 Mar. — of Net Produce into the Exchequer of Duties on Canvas and Lawns, granted by Act 7 Geo. III. from the Commencement of the Duty to 5U1 January 17S7; of Net Produce into the Exchequer of the Coinage Duty on Wines, for Ten Years, ending 5th January 17875 of Amount of Public Debts at the Receipt of the Exchequer, with Annuity and Management payable for the lame, on the 51I1 of January 1787; of the Produce in each Quarter, from 5U1 January 1782 to 5th January 1787; of the several Duties for Payment of Annuities raised in 1758; of I)° from Du to D®, of D° raised in 1778; of JL>° from D® to D°, of D# raised in 1770; of D® from D® to D®, of D® raised in 1780; of D° from the Commencement to 5th January 1787; of D° raised in 1782; of D® from D° to I)0, of D® raised in 1783; of D° from D® to I>, of D° raised in 1784 and 1785; ordered, 15 Mar. Presented, 23. Referred, 29. Vide Customs: The First Account withdrawn, and another ordered, 30. Presented, ibid. — ^of Annual Amount of Allowance to Mailers of Ships, called Portage, for the Ten lait Years, ordered, 16 Mar. Presented 22.; from Scotland, 17 Apr. — of Amount of Duties that have been 1 ecu red by Bond, since 5th January 1767, for any Part of the Customs on Goods, on which the whole Duties were not permitted to be lb secured, ordered, 16 Mar. Presented from Scotland, 17 Apr. — shewing the Amount of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1787, above the several Sums voted for the public Service, which have been reserved of the Duties and Revenues granted for Payment of Annuities on Lives, and which have not been claimed by the Persons entitled thereto, ordered, 16 Mar. Presented, 23. referred, 29. Vide Customs. — Copy of Revenue Proceedings of the Governor General ana Council of Bengal, dated 28th January 1775, 25th July 1777, 20th October 1778, 19th January and 20th March 1779, or so much thereof as relates to the farming of Lands, or to Appointments in the Provincial Councils; of D° dated 24th August 1779, relative to the Grant of the Zemindary of Baharbuod to the Son of Cantoo Baboo; of D® dated 27th August 1779, relative to the Reduction of the Jumma of Burdwan; of D° dated 17th March 1775, relative to Farms held or relinquished by Cantoo Baboo; of D° dated. 8lhi October 1776, and 5th and 26th September 1777, relative to Balances remitted to the Rajah of Nuddea; of a Petition from Cofiiuaut Baboo, entered on the Revenue Proceedings of 16th December 1777; Account, Settlement, Collections, and Balances, of the Revenue of the Bahar Province (exclusive of the Districts under Mr. Charles Graeme) for Four Years, commencing in September 1779; ordered, 19 Mar. Presented; to be printed;

27. — Account of the Number of Widows of each Rank of Warrant Olhcers of the Navy, entitled to the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, with on Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow of each Class, from 1780 to 1780, and an Account of the respective Sums that have been reserved, with the Application thereof, ordered, a9 Mar. Presented 27. Referred to Committee of Supply, 18 Apr. — Copy of the Proceedings iq Bengal, in February 1784, relative to the Bullock Contract; Copies of Letters from the Governor General and Council of Bengal, in their Secret Department, dated 11th February and 8th April 1782; ordered, 21 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 27. — Richmond Bridge Cash Account, 17816, presented, 22 Mar. — Account of the Value of all Stationary Wares exported by the East India Company, for the Use of the Public Offices in Bengal, from 1773 tp 1785, distin-guishing the Proportions thereof delivered to the President and Council, &c. &c.; of all Stationary Wares bought in Bengal, for the life of the Governor General and Council, and charged to the Company, during the same Time; of the Number of Secretaries and Clerks constantly and ©ccafionally employed in the several Departments of the Governor General and Council, during the same Time; ordered, 22 Alar. The Two first presented; to be printed; 27. — of the Number and Names of the Aides-de-Camp to the Governor General in each Year, beginning the 1st of January 1774, and ending the 1st of January 1785; of the Annual Expence of the Body Guard to the Governor General, from the ill of January 1773 to the ill of January 1785, ordered, 22 Mar, The first presented; to be printed; 29. — of the Expence of the Supreme Court of Juiiiee at Calcutta, as also of all Law Charges to the Company, from the lit of January 1774 to the ill of January 1785, ordered, 22 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 27. — of the Expence charged to the Company for Sir Ely ah VOL. 42.

Impey’s Journey into the Provinces, in 1781, ordered, 22 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 2 Apr. — of Demand, Receipt, and Balances, of the Districts of Bilfiopoor and Patcheet, for Four Years, commencing in April 1770, specifying the Names of the Fanners, &c. ordered, 22 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 29. — Copy of Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, in 1780, relative to continuing to Mr. Mackenzie the Opium Contract for One Year, after the Expiration of his Contract in September 1780, ordered, 22 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 27. — Account of the Annual Salaries, Emoluments, and Allowances, made by the East India Company to their Commanders in Chief, whilst upon actual Service in the Field, from 1750 to the End of the late War, ordered, 23 Mar. — of all the Gross Sums that have been paid by the East India Company to Government, from 1757 to the present Year, ordered, 23 Mar. Presented; to be printed; 27. — of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported from Norfolk, from 1780 to 1786, and the Bounty paid thereon, also, of Wheat. Barley, and Malt sent Coastwise from the said County, likewise an Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Barley imported into the said County, in the same Time; of D® exported and sent Coastwise from, the Port of Wilbech, and of Wheat and Barley imported into the said Port, during the same Period; ordered, 27 Mar. Presented, 26 Apr. referred, ibid. Vide Corn. To be printed, 21 May. — of the Debt of the East India Company, in Gross, from 1770 to 1775, from 1775 to 1780, from 1780 1° 1785, and from 1785 to the present Year; Gross Account of the Revenues of the said Company, for the above Periods; D® of the Civil and Military Expences of the said Company from 1760 to 1765, from 1765 to 1770, from 1770 to 1775, from 1775 to 1780, from 1780 to 1785, and from 1785 to the present Year; ordered, 27 Mar. — of Gross and Net Produce of Duties on Sope and Candles, from 5th July 1782 to 5th July 1786, ordered, 28 Mar. Presented, 30.; from Scotland, 17 Apr. — of Net Revenue of the Post Office, for Two Years, ending 5th January 2787; of D° for Two Years, ending the 5th of January preceding the Commencement of the Duties charged by A# 24 Geo. III.; ordered, 28 Mar. Presented, 29. referred, ibid. Vide Customs. — of the Number of Seamen who have paid into the Merchants Hospital in the Port of London, from the lft of January 1780 to the 31st of December 1785, ordered, 29 Mar. Presented, 5 Apr. — of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported from Suffolk, from 1780 to 2786, and the Bounty paid thereon, also, of Wheat, Barley} and Malt sent Coastwise from the said County, likewise an Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Barley imparted into the said County, in the same Time; of D# exported and sent Coastwise from Essex, and of Wheat and Barley imported into the said County, during the same Period; ordered, 30 Mar. Presented, 26 Apr. referred, ibid. Vide Corn. To be

Srinted, 21 May — Extra# of Mr. HaftingsV Remarks on Ir. Francis’s proposed Instru#ions to the Provincial Councils, ordered, 30 Mar. Presented; to be printed; ibid. — Copy of a Letter from the President' ana Sele# Committee of Fort Saint George to Mr. Anderson, dated 15th March 1782, ordered, 30 Mar4 Presented; to be printed; 2 Apr. — Copies of all Papers from ibe East Inaia House, relative to the New Harbour, Mr. Lacam, or the Port of TrincomaUi, since the 30th of July 2783; Copy of Lord Macartney’s Letter to Sir Edward Hughes, dated on or about the 7th of October 1782; ordered, 3 Apr. Pre-‘ fented, 2 May. — Account of the Number of Seamen who pay to the Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, &c. in the Merchants Service, at Bristol and Hull, from the lit of January 1780 to the 31st of December 2785,. ordered, 3 Apr. Presented, 3. 9 May. — Account of the Number of Persons committed to Prison, tried, acmiitted,' condemned, reprieved, pardoned, or punched, in Middle-' sex, between the id of January 1786 and the lft of April 2787, specifying the Times of Commitment and Trial, the Crimes, ana Punishments, ordered, 4 April. — Statement of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Lottes and Services- of the American Loyalists, to the Lords of the Treasury, made up to Lady Day last, ordered, 5 Apr. Presented, 17. Referred to Committee of Supply, 4 May. — Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th of January 1785 to the 5th of January 1786, and from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1787; of D° from the 51I1 of April 2785 to the 5th of April 1786, and from the 5th April 1786 to the 5th of April 1787; of Sums paid into the Exchequer on Account of the Land and Malt Taxes, between the 5th of January 1786 and the 5th of January 2787; of D® between the 5th of April 1786 and the 5th of April 1787; of Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th of April 2787, of Surplus of Sinking Fund for the Disposition of

Parliament;

INDEX to the Forty-second Yolume.

"Parliament; ordered, 17 Apr. Presented, 17. 18. to be printed, ibid. The last referred to Committee of

Ways and Means, 20. — of Total Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under AA 24 Geo. IU. which have been paid to the Receiver General of the Customs, between the 5th of January 1786 and the 5th of January 1787; of D6, which have been paid to D*, between the 5th of April 1786 and the 5th of April 1787; of Total Sums paid into the Exchequer, between the 5th of January 1786 and the 5th of January 1787, on Account of the Duties on Hats, Plate, AJe Licences, &c. &c,; of D* paid into D* between the 5th of April 1786 and the 5th of April 1787, on Account of the Duties on D°; ordered, 17 Apr. Prelented; to be printed;

17. 18. — of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th. of January 1786 to the 5th of April 1786, and from the 5th of January 1787 to the 5th ot April 1787; of Im-prest Monies repaid into the Exchequer, since the 5th of April 1786; ordered, 17 Apr. Presented; to be printed;

18. — of all Monies received, since the 5th of April 1786, as a Balance, or Part of a Balance, due from the East India Company for Subsistence of Troops in the East Indies; of D*, received since D°, as D° from D#, for Victualling the Navy in the East Indies; ordered, 17 Apr. The First pre-fenled, 24. — Copy of a Letter to the Vizier, written 3d April 1778; Letter from the Widow of Rajah Bulwant Sing, and Arzie from Rajah Mehipnarain Behadre, received 15th December 1782; Letters from the Governor General to the Vizier, and Hyder Beg Kh&n, dated 26th April 1780, relative to the Appointment of Colonel Hannay to the Superintendance of Goruckpore; 20th, 21ft, and 22d Paragraphs of Major 0(borne*s Plan for Defence of the Douab; Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations of 10th* August 1778, as to the State of the Treasury; Copy of Letter from the Governor General to Rajah Cheit Sing, dated 17th January 1781; the Resident’s Account Payments of the Kills due by Rajah Cheit Sing, from May 1780 to May 1781, and of Payments made to the Nabob Saudit Ally on Account of his Stipend; Extra A of the General Letter to Bengal, dated 12th April 1786, rel'peding the Bullock ContraA; also, Copies of Letters from the Resident at Benares to the Governor General and Council, dated 7th December 1780 and 13th January 1781; ordered, 18 Apr. Presented; to be printed; 19. — Account of Gross and Net Produce of the Post Horse and Stage Coaches, &c. Duties, from

Jth July 1779 to lft August 1786; of D° of the Post Horse ►uty, from 2d August 1786 to lft February 1787; ordered, 19 Apr. Presented, 23. — State of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th of January 1787; D° for the Quarter ending the 5th of April 1787; ordered, 19 Apr. Presented; to be printed; 23. — Account of Sums due t>y the East India Company for Customs, the Payment of which was respited by ACI 24 Geo. III. and which have been paid into the Exchequer between the 5th of April 1786 and the 5th of April 1787; of the several Sums paid at the Exchequer on Account of the National Debt, or the General Services of the Country, or of certain i'pecial Purposes not included under the foregoing Heads of Charge, between the 5th of January 1786 and the 5th of January 1787, or that were payable during that Period; ordered, 19 Apr. The first presented, 26. — Copy of any Representations that have been made to the Government of Bengal, or to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, by Fyzoola Cawn, or Mozuffer Jung, Nabob of Farruckabad, relative to the Conduct of Mr. Hailing*; of D° made to D* from the Nabob Vizier of Oude, or any People in his Dominions, relative to D°; of the Revenue Letter received from Bengal by The Swallow; Account of Amount of Money received by the Government of Bengal, from the Nabob Vizier of Oude, and from Benares, from the lft of September 1773 to the Date of the latest Advices, specifying what Sums have been expended for the Pay of Troops, &c. serving in Oude and Benares, what Remittances have been made to Troops upon Foreign Service, and what Remittances have been made to Calcutta, Bombay, Surat, or any other Place, from Benares, or from the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier; of the Balances that remained due by Cullian Sing, and Kelleram, to the Government of Bengal, according to the latest Advices from Calcutta; ordered, 20 Apr. Presented; to be printed; 25. — Account of Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of AA of last Session, for raising a further Sum thereby, ordered, 23 Apr. Presented, 24. Referred to Committee of Supply, 25. — of Monies issued in England, by the Paymaster General . of the Forces, to Regiments serving in India, from the 25th of June 1781 to the 24th of December 1786; of Amount of J&ums payable by the East India Company for Troops

serving in the East Indies, from D°to D°, pursuant to AA 21 Geo. III.; of all Monies which appear to have been paid by the said Company on Account of His Majesty’s Land Forces serving in the East Indies, from D° to D#, pursuant to the said Act; ordered, 23 Apr. Presented, 24. *26. — Copy of such Proceedings as were held in Bengal, relative to the Agency and ContraA of Sir Charles Blunt, as are not already before the House; of the Proceedings held in Bengal relative to Mr. George Bright, in 1780, with the Orders of the Court of Directors thereupon; of such Paragraphs in the Letters from the Government of Bengal, or from the Court of Directors to Bengal, as relate to Mr. Larkins, the Accountaut General in Bengal; ordered, 24 Apr. Presented; to be printed; 25. — Account of the Annual Revenues of the Ball India Company in' the Provinces of Bengal, Baliar, and Oriffa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mbit or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, 8cc. &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame; of the Annual Charges defrayed by D* Company in the said Provinces, distinguishing the same under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, &c. &c. for the same Time; of the Annual Revenues of D° Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George and subordi-nate Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Cir-cars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, &c. &c. for the same Time, with the latest Estimate thereof; of the Annual Charges defrayed by D° Company at the said Presidency, Settlements, and Circars, distinguishing the same under the Heads of Civil, Military, &c. &c. for the same Time; of the Annual Revenues of Da Company at the Presidency of Bombay and subordinate Settlements, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, &c. &c. for the same Time, with the latest Estimate thereof; of the Annual Charges defrayed by D° Company at the said Presidency and Settlements, distinguishing the same under the Heads of Civil, Marine, &c. &c. for the same Time; of the Annual Charges defrayed by D* Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges of those Presidencies, and also the Expences of the Presidency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, of the Island of Saint Helena, and of the Factory at Canton, for the same Time; ordered, 24 Apr. Presented, 27. To lie printed; ibid. — Lift of the Civil Servants of the East India Company at their Presidencies and Settlements Abroad, who are out of Employment, with their Pay and Allowances, according to the latest Advices, together with an Account of the Number of Supernumerary Military Servants of the said Company, and of the Half Pay they will receive whilst out of Employment, ordered, 24 Apr. — Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at their Presidencies and Settlements Abroad, the Rates of Interest, and the Annual Amount thereof; Copy of the First Thirty-nine Paragraphs of a Letter from the Governor General of Bengal to the Secret Committee of Directors of the East India Company, dated 16th November 1786, relative to the State of the Finances of the Company, together with the Accounts inclosed therein; ordered, 24 Apr. Presented, 27. to be printed, ibid. — Account of Sales of Goods from the East Indies, between the lft of March 1786 and the ill of March 1787, and Amount of, Customs, Freight, $Lc. together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the ill of March 1787 to the ill of March 1790; of Sales of Goods from China, between the lft of March 1786 and the ill of March 1787, and Amount of Customs, Freight, &c. together with an Estimate of the expected Sales ot China Goods, from the id of March 1787 to the ill of March 1790; Amount of Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same Hood upon the ill of March 1787; of Balance of Calli which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company, on the ill of March 1786, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the ill of March 1786 to the ill of March 1787, together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments, from the ill of March 1787 to the ill of March 1790; ordered, 25 Apr. Presented; to be printed; 2 May. — of the Number of Horses exported from Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1780 to the 5th of January 1787, ordered, 27 Apr. Presented, 3 May. — Minute of the Declaration of the Lords of the Treasury to Mr. Hammond, dated in April, May, or June 1773t stating their Lordships Offer of 10,000l. and the Military Works called the Walls and Ditches, provided the Inhabitants of Hull wfould engage to make a legal Quay, with a wet Dock or Bason, at that Port; Memorial presented

in

INDEX to the Forty-Second Volume*

(n April 1774 to the Lords of the Treasury, by the Merchants and principal Inhabitants of Hull, praying their Lordfoips Content for the Old Harbour to remain the principal Situation for the Discharge of all bulky Safferance Goods brought into that Port; Minute, in April or May 1774, stating, that the Lords of the Treasury approve of the Clause in the Bill for establishing a legal Quay at Hull, which directs that the 15,000l. to be advanced by Government, be paid in the Manner therein, expressed; ordered, 27 Apr. Presented, 30. — Account of the Revenue and Expenditure of Greenwich Hospital, from the id of January 1780 to the 3id of December 1785; also, the present State of the Fund, and Number of Men borne on the Edablishment, diliinguifoing the Expence of the Hospital from that of Pensioners, ordered, 27 Apr. Presented, 7 May: The Second Account wittyirawn, and another presented, 14 May. — Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury from the Proprietors of Houses, &c. in the High Street of Hull; D# from Meflirs. Sykes, Waller, and Hammond; Da from Meflirs. Bell and Hammond, dated 7th March 1774; Letter from Meflirs. Bell and Hammond to the Lords of the Treasury, dated 28th March 1774; Report made by Mr. Wooller to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated in January 1773; Report of the Commissioners of the Cudoms to the Lords of the Treasury, dated 4th February 1773; ordered, 30 Apr. The Second, Third, Fourth, and lad presented, 2 May. — Account of Monies issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; of l)° to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lolles of the American Loyalists; of D° to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lodes of such Persons who have differed in their Properties in coni’equence of the Cession of Ead Florida to Spain; of D° to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Foreds, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; ordered, 30 Apr. Presented, 4. 7 May. Referred to Committee of Supply, 7 May. — of Money issued to Mr. Cotton, out of Civil Lid Revenues, to reimburse 2,000l. paid by him to Messrs. Dundas and Pemberton, Commissioners for American Claims, for Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and the Fees attending the Receipt thereof; of D° issued to D°, out of D% to discharge Bills drawn on the Treasury by Mr. Brown, arting Governor of the Bahama Islands, and others; of D# issued to D°, out of D°, by Order of the Treasury, to enable him to pay the Representatives of Richard Bradley, for the Value of Merchandize bought for Purchase of the Island of Le Main, in the River Gambia, as a Settlement for Convicts, and to pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof; of all Sums of Money which have been issued, out of Civil Lid Revenues, by Order of the Treasury, to Mr. Mouat, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees and Emoluments received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences, not made good; presented, 30 Apr. Referred to Committee of Supply, 4 May. — Copy of a Memorial presented to the Lords of the Treasury by Messrs. Hammond, Broadley, and Green, in March lait, relative to the Works, &c. done by the Dock Company at Hull, in pursuance of Art 14 Geo. Ilf. and also, Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Cudoms to their Lordships thereon, ordered, 2 May. Memorial presented, 9. — of Messrs. Browne and Pilkington’s Report to the Commissioners of the Cudoms in April lad, on their Survey at Hull, together with the several Papers referred to therein; of a Letter to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Cudoms, from the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at Hull, dated in April lad, in answer to the referred Memorial presented by the Dock Company to the Treasury; of a Letter from the Chairman of the Dock Company at Hull to the Commissioners of the Cudoms, dated 30 March lad, requeding them to appoint One or more Officers to go to Hull, tosurvey the Works done by virtue of Art 14 Geo. III.; , of a Letter written by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Cudoms to the Collector and Comptroller of the Cudoms at Hull, dated 5th April 1787, figtiifying their having appointed Messrs. Browne and Pilkington to survey the Works, and also, a Copy of the Report of Messrs. Smea-ton and Wooler, dated in November 1779, of the Works being compleated; ordered, 2 May: All but the lad Report presented, 7. — The different Memorials and Letters presented to the Treasury and Cudoms, during this Session, on the Subject of the Hull Dock Business, with the Report the Cudoms have made thereupon, ordered, 2 May. Order dilchar^ed, 3. — Account of Impred and other Public Monies remaining in the Exchequer for Disposition of Parlift-Vol. 42.

iftent, ordered, 4 May. Presented, and referred td Coin* mittee of Ways and Means, ibid. — of Money issued pnr-suant to Addresses, not made good, presented, 4 May. Referred to Committee of Supply, 7. — of the Number of* Claims which have been heard and liquidated, and of the Sum at which they have been liquidated, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of Persons. who have differed in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of Ead Florida to Spain, ordered, 4 May. Presented, ibid. Referred to Committee of Supply, 7. — Returns of Qualification* of Deputy Lieutenants, and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to the Secretary of State for the Home Department since those presented to the Rouse of Commons on the 30th of June 1786, presented, 8 May. — Account of all Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oat$. exported, sent Coadwife, and imported, from 1780 to \780, except the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, ordered, 9 May. — =-of the Quantities of Hemp and Hax certified to foe Lords of the Treasury to be raised in England, and of the Monies directed to be . issued to the Order of the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties therein mentioned; Amount of Sum9 allowed by the Justices to the Clerks of the Peace, for Business done under the Arts for encouraging the Growth of Hemp and Flax; presented, 9 May. — Abstract Account, Settlement, Demana, Receipt, and Balance, of the Revenues of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, from April 1781 to the lately Period, ordered, 9 May. Presented; to be printed; 10. — Copies of all Letters which have passed between the Court of Directors of the East India Company and Mr. Hastings, relative to his Correspondence with Majors Palmer and Davy, or other Correspondence, wholly or in Pari withheld from the Company’s Records, ordered, 10 May. Presented; to be printed; 11. — Account of all Wheat, Barley, and Malt, exported from Norfolk, from 1780 to 1786, and the Bounty paid thereon, ordered, 11 May. Presented; to . be printed; 23. — Atteded Copy of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, presented, 14 May. — Account, to be laid before the House next Session, of foe Number of Persons confined for Debt in England and Wales, on the id of December 1787, distinguishing . the Dates of their Commitments, &c. 8tc. ordered, 17 Mav. — State of the Prince of Wales’s Debts, to the 5th of July 1786; Abdraftof the Prince of Wales’s Three Years Expenditure, from the 51b of July 1783 to the 5th of July 1786; presented, 23 May.

Accounts to be printed, 26 Jan. 2. 5. 7. 8. 9. 19. 23 Feb. 5. 6.12. 13. 20. 27. 29. 30 Mar. 2, 17. 18. 19. 23. 25. 27 Apr. 2. n. 21. 23 May.

----- presented in former Sessions to be printed, 2. 19. 21

Feb. 9. 21 Mar.

----- withdrawn, 30 Mar. 14 May.

----- one to be prepared against next Session, 17 May.

---- Edi mate of the Ordinary of the Navy; Buildings and

Re-buildings of Ships; ordered, 29 Jan. Presented, 20 Feb. Referred to Committee of Supply, 16 Mar. — for Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces, ordered, 29 Jan. For Guards and Garrisons; Forces in the Plantations and Gibraltar; General and General Staff Officers; presented, 1 Feb. Referred to Committee of Supply, 9. — for Ordnance Office, Land Service, ordered, 29 Jan. Presented, 2 Feb. Referred to Committee of Supply, 9. — of the Debt of the Navy, ordered, 29 Jan. Presented, 20 Feb. — of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India; of Allowances to the Paymaster General of the Forces, Secretary at War, Commissary General of the Multers, &c. &c.; of Full Pay toTleduced or Supernumerary Officers; of Difference between the Charge of the Britishi and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments and Four Companies of Foot serving in America, the West Indies, and the Isle of Man; presented, 1 Feb. Referred to Committee of Supply, 9. — of Half Pay and Allowances to Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; of Chelsea Out-Pensioners; of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and the Expences of the Hospital; of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces; of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of the late Scots Brigade in the Service of the States General; of Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments of several Battalions and Companies of Foot, for the respective Times therein mentioned, in 1786; of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers; presented, 27 Mar. Referred to Committee of Supply, 2 Apr. — of the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia; of Saint John’s Island; of Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands; of the Civil Establishment of Cape Breton; of New Brunswick; Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers

B Island*

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume.

Islandtf; of Sums necessary to pa; the Salaries of the Civil Officers of East Florida (who were detained upon Public Service, from the Time Possession of the Province Was given to the Spanish Government, to the final Evacuation thereof) to 24th June 1786; of Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in Newfoundland; for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales; presented, 19 Apr. Referred to Committee of Supply, 25. — of Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce of the Customs in England, for Two Years, to the 5th of January 1787, and the Payments into the Exchequer, ordered, 19 Apr. Presented, 26. — of the Sums wanted for 1787 at Somerset Place, presented, 27 Apr. Referred to Committee of Supply, 4 May. — of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, presented, 30 Apr. Referred to Committee of Supply, 4 May.

Accounts, Public. Vide Revenue. Address infra.

Acts, rend in the House, 24. 26. 29 Jan. 15. 19. 20 Feb. 28 Mar. 17. 24. 30 Apr. 7. 8. 10. 17. 28 May.

Address, of Congratulation on the Preservation of His Majesty’s life, and to condole with Him on the Death of the Princeis Amelia; expressing Satisfaction that the Tranquillity of Europe remains ondisturbed, and of His Majesty’s Goodness in having directed the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation with France, and the Convention with Spain, to be laid before the House; assuring Him, that He may rely on their Readiness to make Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service, and that the State of the Revenue will continue to engage their unremitting Attention; that they shall be desirous of taking such Measur^s as may be necessary for the Transportation of Convi6is, in order to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen from the crowded State of the Gaols; and, that they will diligently apply themselves to the Consideration of any Regulations which can be adopted for the Ease of the Merchants, and for Amplifying the Public Accounts in the various Branches of the Revenue; resolved on, Nem. con.; Committee appointed to prepare it; King's Speech referred; 23 Jan. Address reported, and agreed to; to be presented by the whole House; 24. King’s Answer, 26. — for usual Estimates, &c. 29 Jan. King’s Answer, 31. — relative to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce with France, resolved on; Committee appointed to prepare it; 21 Feb. Reported; Amendment proposed, not made; Address agreed to, and, together with certain Resolutions, to be communicated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence desired; Conference to be desired with the Lords on a Matter highly important to the Manufactures and Commercial Inlereus of this Kingdom; ibid. Lords agree to a Conference; Ma-

nagers appointed; Conference held, and reported; 23. Lords desire a Conference; agreed to, and Managers who managed the last Conference to manage this; other Members added to them; Conference held, and reported, That the Lords had agreed to the Resolutions, and to the Address, by filling up the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and"; 7 Mar. King’s Answer, 9. — for farther Provision for Support of Widows of Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, Purlers, Surgeons, and Second Mailers, in the Navy, 20 Apr. King’s Answer, 25. — for Account of Money issued pursuant to Addresses, and not made good, 2 May. King’s Answer, 4. — for Money for printing the Journal; for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes; for defraying Expences attending the printing Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, printed by Order of the House this Session; 21 May. King’s Answer, 23. — for 7,500l. Net, to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and (late, the Public Accounts; for 3,000l. to Mr. White, towards reimbursing him Expences incurred for Business done, pursuant to Directions of Acts of last Session, for procuring Returns of Poors Rates and Charitable Donations, anu in preparing Abltracts thereof for the Use of Parliament; 21 May. King’s. Answer, 23 — for Money to discharge the Prince of Wales’s Debts, and on Account of the Works at Carleton House, 24 May. King’? Answer, 28.

---- Vide Questions Neg.

Affidavits. Vide Ckcjler.

Affleck, Commodore. Vide Hood.

Africa, Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants, for further Support, offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; to lie on the Table; 27 Apr. Referred to Committee of Supply, 4 May. Vide Supply.

Alexander, Robert, and others, Petition from, 16 Mar. Vide Martha.

America, Act of last Session, for further continuing Acts 23 and 24 Geo. III. for preventing certain lastruments from

being required from Ships belonging to the Doited States of America, 8lc. &c. to he considered in a Committee of the whole House, 14 Mar. Considered, and reported; Bill for further continuing and more effectually enforcing the Provisions of the said Acts, ordered; ibid. Pie feu ted, and read,

16. Committed, 21. Considered, 22. Reported; to be ingrossed; 23.- Passed, 26. Agreed to by the Lords, 29. Royal Assent, 30.

— — - Petition from certain American Loyalists, Sufferers by having furnished Provisions and other Articles for Public Use, during the late War, and by having their Property taken and destroyed by the British Army and Navy, for Liquidation and Payment of their Demands, offered; Kings Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; to lie on the Table; 16 Mar. Read again; Motion for referring it to the Committee on the American Commissioners Bill, withdrawn; 15 May.

---- Bill for appointing Coni midi oners further to esquire

into the Losses and Services of all Inch Persons who have differed in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, oraered, 30 Apr. Presented, and read, 2 May. Committed, 7. Committee deferred, 8. 9. 10. 11. Bill considered, 15. Report deferred, 16. 17. Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 18. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords,

28. Royal Assent, 30.

------ Vide Caroiinm.

Appendix to a Report made from a Committee delivered in, and ordered to be printed, 28 May.

Appropriation, Clause of Vide ConsolidatedFund Bill in Supply.

Argyilshire, new Writ, 30 May.

Armingford. Vide Cambridge.

Artificers. Vide Lores expiring.

AJkborm Roads to Sudbury and Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road on Hatton Moor to Tutbury, Petition for a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of Act; referred to a Committee; 26 Jan. Reported; Bill ordered; 26 Apr. Presented, and read> 27. Committed, 2 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 10. Passed, 11. Agreed to by the Lords

17. Royal Assent, 21.

AJkburton, new Writ, 5 Mar.

Ashts, Act 2 and 3 Edw. VI. against carrying White Allies out of the Realm, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 8 May. Committee deferred, 10. Ad considered, and reported; Bill to repeal it, ordered; 11. Presented, and read; to be printed; 18.

Ashhurfi. Vide Lewes.

Aston (North) Vide Bowles.

Attornies, Petition from the Four Attornies of the Lord Mayor’s Court of London, for a Repeal of so much of Ad 25 Geo. III. for imposing certain Duties on Proceedings in Courts of Law, as respects the Pradifers in the said Lord Mayor’s Court; to lie on the Table; 16 Mar. Read again, and referred to a Committee, 24 Apr. Reported; Report to lie on the Table; 27.

---- Petition from those practising in Yorkshire, for a

Duty on Conveyancers, and an additional Duty on Articles of Cferkship to Attornies and Solicitors, 8cc. &c.; to lie on the Table; 22 Mar. Petitions from those in Bristol, and Newcastle upon Tyne; to lie on the Table; 25 Apr. 7 May.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

T2AIL, Special. Vide Chester.

Bakers Company, Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, for a Bill for ascertaining the Powers and Limits of their Jurisdiction, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade of a Baker, and to amend so much of Ad 31 Geo. II. as relates to the Charters and Bye Laws of the Company; referred to a Committee; 15 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 19 Apr. Presented, and read, 7 May. Committed, 11. Reported; to be ingrossed; 18. Palled, 21.

Balby Road to Worksop, Petition for a Bill to enlarge Terra and Powers of Ad; referred to a Committee; 26 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 23 Apr. Presented, ;and read, 24. Committed, 30. Reported; to be ingrossed; 7 May.

Passed, 8. Agreed to by the Lords, 11. Royal Assent, 21.

Bankrupts. Vid0 Debtors.

Barrow ttpon Trent Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 16 Feb. Presented; and read, 27 Apr. Committed, 2 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 10. Puffed, 11. Agreed to by the Lords, 17. Royal Alient, ct.

Bastard Children. Vide Poor.

Betding. V ide Lewes.

Bceraljton, new Wn\ 23 Jan.

Beevor, Sir Thomas. Vide Norwich.

Bengal,

INDEX to

the Forty-second Volume.

Bengal, Petition from Mr. Latam, Proprietor of New Harbovr in Bengal, complaining of having beeu deprived of his Rights in the said Harbour, and for Assistance to enable him to return to Bengal, offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; referred to a Committee; 2 Mar.

Berkshire Roads. Vide Reading. Hurjley.

Berwick upon Tweed, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House of his having issued his Warrant for a new Writ in the Recess, 23 Jan.

-------- Road to Dunglos Bridge, and from Billie

Causeway and Preston Bridge to Cockburofpath Tower, Petition for Bill to repair; referred to a Committee; 1 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 4 Apr. Presented, and read, 23. Committed, 27. Reported; to be ingrossed; 7 May. Passed, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 21, Royal All’ent, 28.

Beverley Road to Kendell House, and from Molfcroft to Bain* ton Balk, Petition for a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of Act; referred to a Committee; 23 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 23 Apr. Presented, and read, 27. Committed, 3 May. Reported; to be inerossed; 9. Palled, 10. Agreed to by the Lords, 17. Royal Assent, 21.

Billie Causeway Road. Vide Berwick supra.

Bills, ordered in upon Motions from Committees, 21 Mar.

20. 30 Apr. 9. 11 May.

— one ordered in; presented; committed; considered, and reported; ordered to be ingrossed; and passed the same ®ay» 15 Feb. — ordered in; presented; commuted; con-lidered, and reported the same Day; 28 May.

----- ordered to be printed, 23 Feb. 8. q. 15 Mar. 24. 26

Apr. 14, 18 May. — as amended, 8 May^ — with Amendments, 18. 28 May.

— withdrawn, 15 Mar. 2 May.

----- re-committed, 18 Apr. 3. 4. 7. 8. 9* 17 May.

----- one laid niide, 4 May.

----- Vide Questions Neg. Address.

Bilflon Road. Vide Wtdnesbury.

Binllip Hill Road. Vide Gloucester.

Birmingham, Petition for a Bill to re-build the Bridge there, called Deritend Bridge, and for widening the Avenues thereto; referred to a Committee; 8 Feb. Petition for Power to vary the Course of the River, and to erebl a Weir; referred; 29 Mar. Petitions reported; Bill ordered; 2 Apr.

- — ------- Petitions from, 15 Feb. Vide Copper Coin* — -20

Apr. VideSAooi.

— ---- Roaa, through Wednesbury, to High Bullen,

and other Places, Petition for a Bill to continue and enlarge Terras and Powers of A<5h* so far as relate to the Roads from Birmingham to High Bullen and Great Bridge, and to the End of Gibbet Lane and Nether Trindle, and for making a Road from High Bullen to Darlaston; referred to a Committee; 23 Feb. Reported; Bili ordered; 2 Mar. Pre-l’ented, and read, 5. Committed, 9. Reported; to be ingrossed; 19. Passed, 20. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 30.

— ------- — -------------- — Petition for a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render the Acts more effectual, so far as relate to tire Koatls from the Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kinglwinford and Brittel Lane, and for making a Road to Tipton Green; referred to a Committee; 9 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 18 Apr. Prelented, and read, 19. Committed, 23. Reported; to be ingrossed; 30. Palled, 2 May. Agreed to by the Lords, 1 o. Roy al A lien t, 21.

Bittefwell Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 14 Mar. Prefenled, and read, 2 A|>r. Committed, 18. Reported; to be ingrossed; 26. Passed, 30. Agreed to by the Lords, 3 May. Royal Assent, 21.

Boat)(Cains Widows. Vide Address.

Bonny Water Road. Vide Glasgow.

Boston, Petition from, 2 Apr. Vide Copper Coin.

Bowles, Oldfield, Bill from the Lords for discharging Part of his Estate from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling the Manor of North Alton, &c. in lieu thereof, 7 May. Read, ibid. Committed, 11. Reported; passed;

18. Royal Assent, 21.

Bramber. V ide Lewes.

Brecor/shire Roads, Petition for a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of Act, and for repairing other Roads; referred to & Committee; 20 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 23. Presented, and read, 1 Mar. Committed, 13. loltruction respecting the Road from Trecastle to the Confines of Car-innrthenshire; all to have Voices; 16. Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 21. Palled, 22. Agreed to by the Lords,

29. Ko)al Assent, 30,

------- new Writ, 30 May.

Bridlington, alias Burlington, Piers, Petition for a Bill to Vo*. 42.

enlarge Term and Powers of A6fe for repairing the m; re* ferred to a Committee; 26 Jan. Reported; Bill ordered; 16 Feb. Presented, and reed, 24 Apr.

Bristol, Petition for a Bill to divide the Parish of Saiot James, and for building a Church, and providing a Church Yard, in the new Parish; referred to a Committee; 38 Feb. Pe* tilion in Favour; to lie on the Table; ibid. First Petition rejjorted; Bill ordered; 19 Mar. Petition to build a Par-fooage House in the new Parish; referred to a Committee; 27. Reported, and Instruction accordingly, 39. Bill presented, and read, 30. Committed, 4 Apr. Reported; to be ingrossed; 23. Passed, 24. Agreed to by the Lords, 3 May. Royal Assent, 21.

---- Petition from, 12 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

— Petition for a Bill to consolidate and amend the Acts for paving, 8tc. the Streets, and for more perfectly managing the Police of the said City; referred to a Committee; 15 Mar.

Brodie, Captain David, Motion for an Address for fonae Mark of Favour on him; withdrawn; 5 Mar. *

------- — ------- Vide Questions Neg.

Buckinghamshire Roads. Vide Reading.

Burford Lane Road to Stow on the Wold, Halford Bridge, 8cc. Petition for a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of At\; referred to a Committee; 28 Feb. Rieported; Bill ordered; 2 Mar. Presented, and read, 5. Committed, 9. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Passed, 19* Agreed to by the Lords, 4 Apr. Royal Assent, 5.

Burlington. Vide Bridlington supra.

Burmash Road. Vide Httrjl Green.

Bury Saint Edmund's, new Writ, 24 Jan.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787*

S'ALL1C0E Printers, Designers of Drawings, &c. Petr-

tion from, for a Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Mullins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors; referred to a Committee; 15 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 27. Presented, and read, 28. Petitions from Carlisle and Aberdeen, against; to lie on the Table till the Second Reading of Bill; 18 Apr. Petitions from Manchester and Lancaster, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading; 24.25. Bill committed, 27. Considered, 7 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 8. Puffed, 11. Agreed to by the Lords, 17. Royal Assent, 21.

Camberwell and Peckham, Petition for a Bill to alter and amend Act 16 Geo. III. for lighting and watching those Villages; referred to a Committee; 12 Feb. Reported; Bill for better lighting and watching Camberwell, ordered; 30 Mar. Prelented, and read, 2 Apr. Committed, 18. Reported; to be ingrossed; 26. Passed, 30. Agreed to by the Lords, 7 May. Royal Assent, 21.

Cambridge Town, Petition for a Bill for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts there, and in the Hundreds of Chesterton, Fiendifli, &c. &c.; referred to a Committee; 23 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 27. Presented, and read; Day appointed for Second Reading; 6 Mar. Petition from the Corporation of Cambridge, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading of Bill; 7. Second Reading deferred, 9. Petition of the Justices for Cambridge, against; to lie on the Table; Second Reading of Bill further deferred; 23. Bill committed; all to have Voices; Petition from the Corporation of Cambridge read again, referred, and Coun-fel ordered; 19 Apr.

Camper, Peter Everhard, Petition for a Bill for his Naturalization; Bill ordered; 26 Feb. Presented, and read, 27. Party takes Oaths, 28. Bill committed, 5 Mar. Reported; to be ingrossed; 7. Palled, 9. Agreed to by the Lords, 19. Royal Assent, 22.

Cand/emakers. Vide Wines.

Canterbury, Petition for a Bill for better paving, &c. the Streets in that City and Liberties; referred to a Committee; 26 Jan. Reported; Bill ordered; 2 Feb. Prelented, and read, 9. Committed, 16. Reported; to be ingrossed; 28. Passed, 1 Mar. Agreed to by the Lords, 6. Royal Assent, 22.

Cur let on House. Vide Address.

Cdr/ijle, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House of his having ifl'ued his Warrant for a new Writ in the Recess, 23 Jan.

----- Election, Petition of Mr. Stephenson complaining

thereof; Day appointed for taking it into Coofideiation; 26 Jan. Petition of Voters; tu be considered at the same Time, and Notices to be sent to the Parties; Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrants for Persons, Papers, and Records; ibid. Committee appointed; 15 Feb. Report that Mr. Stephenson was duly elected; Deputy Clerk of the Crown to attend and amend the Return; Return amended, 27.

Carmarthen>

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume*

Carmarthen, Petition for a Bill to provide a proper Gaol and House of Correction for that Borough, and making the same answer the joint Purposes of the County and Borough, for . paving, &c. the Streets, and other Purposes; referred to a . 'Committee; 6 Mar.

Carolina, Petition from certain Merchants trading to South Carolina and Georgia, for Belief on Account of Lands which had been granted to them by the Cherokee and Creek Indians, for Payment of their Debts, being Ceded to the United States of America, offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; to lie on the Table; q Mar.

Cart River, Petition for a Bill to improve the Navigation thereof, and for making a Canal across the Turnpike Road from Glasgow to Greenock; referred to a Committee;

7 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 20. Presented, and read, 30. Committed, 4 Apr. Reported; to be ingrossed; 27. Passed, 2 May. Agreed to by the Lords, 11, Royal Assent, 21.

Cattle and Provisions, Petition from the Lord Mayor, &c. of London, for Leave to present a Petition after the limited Time for a Bill to prevent Forestalling and Regrating, and for licensing Salesmen and Factors; Leave given; Petition . presented; to lie on the Table; 4 May. Read again; Question Neg. for referring it to a Committee to report Opinion; 16.

Catwater Harbour. Vide Plymouth.

Chadwick Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 5 Mar.

Chandler, George, and Maria (Infants) Petition of their Guardian for a Bill to naturalize them; Bill ordered; 5 Mar. Presented, and read, 7. Committed, 12. Reported; to be ingrossed; 13. Passed, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 30.

Chaplain to the House. Vide House.

Charitable Donations. Vide Poor. Address.

Chatham, Motion for laying before the House an Account of the Revenue and Expenditure of the Chest at Chatham, from the ill of January 1780 to the 31st of December 1785, the Number of Pensioners, and the Number of Days the Commissioners have fat in each Year; withdrawn; 27 Apr.

Chester Roads to the Woodside Ferry, and Park^ate, &c. Petition for a Bill to repair; referred to a Committee; 2 Mar. Petitions from Wirrall, against; to lie on the Table till First Petition reported; 7. First Petition reported; Bill ordered; 2 May. Presented, and read, 3. Petition to add other Roads; referred to a Committee; 7. Bill committed, ibid. Petition to add other Roads reported, and instruction accordingly, 9. Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Passed, 18. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

----- Petition for a Bill to take down and re-build the County

Gaol, Prothonotary’s Office, &c, &c.; referred to a Committee; 7 Mar.

— ---- Petition from, 9 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

*---- Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made Use

of in the Court of Session of the County Palatine of Chester; and for taking Special Bail, ordered, 7 May* Presented, and read, 11. Committed, 14. Considered, 15. reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Passed, 18. Agreed to by the Lords,

23. Royal Assent, 28.

Chesterton. Vide Cambridge supra.

Chcvely. Vide Cambridge supra.

Chilford. Vide Cambridge supra.

Chilton Pond Road. Vide Hurjlcy.

Cholmondeley, Earl, Bill from the Lords for vetting Part of his settled Eiiates in himself in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estateof greater Value in lieu thereof; read; 23 Apr. Committed, 27. reported, with Amendments; agreed to; 8 May. Bill passed, 0. Amendments agreed to by the Lords, 14. Royal Assent, 21.

Christian Malford Bridge Road. Vide Mead Brook.

Churchill. Vide Sarfden.

Cinders, V ide Smuggling.

Circuit Courts. Vide Scotland.

Clauses. Vide Questions Neg.

Clerk of the Crown, his Deputy ordered to attend with Returns, and amend them, 26 Feb. 7 May. — Attends, 27 Feb.

8 May.

— of the House, to have the Direction of printing the Journal, 21 May.

--------- Vide Speaker.

Clerkenwelt, Petition for a Bill to pull down and re-build the Church of St. James, and for making convenient Avenues thereto; referred to a Committee; 13 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; May* Presented, and read, 3. Committed, 7.

Coals, Petition of Mr. Raban for a Bill to prevent Frauds frt the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Pool Measure, in London and Westminster, &e. &c\; to lie on the Table; 5 Mar* read again, and referred to a Committee; all to have Voices; 27 Apr. Reported; Bill ordered; 2 May. Presented, and read, 3. Committed, 9. Petition from Mr. Wood, and other Dealers in Coals, against; to lie on the Table till Bill reported, and Counsel ordered; 10. Order for committing the Bill discharged, 14.

— . Vide Pitferran. Newcastle. Smuggling.

Coggs Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 12 Feb. Member added; Bill presented, and read; 12 Mar. Committed, 16. reported; to be ingrossed; 26. Passed, 27. Agreed to by the Lords, 3 Apr. Royal Assent, 5.

Coin. Vide Copper Coin, infra.

Commissioners. Vide Land Tax. America. Offices.

Committees, Grand, appointed, 24 Jan. — to report Proceeding*, with Opinion from Time to Time, 24 Jfan. — all to have Voices, 24. 31 Jan. 9. 19 Mar. 17. 19. 25. 27 Apr. 2. 4, 7. 8. 10 May. — to inspect Returns. Vide Poor. — to prepare an Estimate. Vide Militia. — to prepare Articles of Impeachment. Vide Hajtings. — to inspect Laws. Vide Laws. — to enquire into certain Abuses. Vide Pefi Office. — ‘to report Observations from Time to Time, 29 Jan.: Report, 23 May. — One fits Twice the same Day, 30 Mar. — to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, and to report Proceedings from Time to Time, 3 Apr. — to fit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House, 3 Apr. — to report Opinion from Time to Time, 17 Apr.: Report, 7 May — on a Bill impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, 26 Apr. — particular, revived, 2 May. — One instructed to fit upon a certain Day, 2 May. — have Leave to fit before the usual Time, 8. 21 May. — Five to be the Quorum of One, 16 May. — have Leave to fit notwithstanding Adjournment of the House, 18. 21 May.

------ Vide Questions Neg,

Complaint. Vide Renfrew.

Conference. Vide Address.

Consolidated Fund Bill. Vide Bills in Supply,

Consolidation Bill. Vide Customs infra.

Constables, usual Orders to them, 24 Jan.

Convention. Vide Accounts.

Copper Coin, Petitions complaining of the great Increase of Counterfeit Copper Coin, viz. From Wolverhampton, 24 Jan. Birmingham, 15 Feb. Kirkby in Kendal; Leeds; Southwark; 23. Hull, 26. Leicester; Liverpool; 27. London and Westminster; York; Great Yarmouth; Sheffield; 2 Mar. Sunderland; Dudley; 5. Nottingham; Worcester; 7. Stourbridge; Chester; 9. Bristol, 12, Derby, 15. Lincoln, 28. Boston, ,2 Apr. Spalding, and Holbeach, 23. — Petition read, 9 May.

Corn and Grain, At\ 21 Geo. 111. for further regulating the Importation and Exportation thereof, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 26 Jan. Considered, 31, Reported; Bill to explain, amend, and render the Act more effectual, and for extending the Provisions thereof to all Places in England, ordered; 2 Feb. Presented, and read; to be printed; 23. Petition from Hull, desiring that the Average Prices of Corn and Grain, as taken in the London Market, shall regulate the Importation and Exportation thereof at all the other Ports in England; to ^lie on the Table till Second Reading of Bill; 6 Mar. Bill committed; all to have Voices; Petition from Hull read again, and referred; 9. Bill withdrawn, and another ordered, 15. Presented, and read, 16. Committed; all to have Voices §

19. Petition from several Innholders, 81c. in London, Westminster, and Middlesex, against; referred, and Counfd? ordered; 26 Apr. Accounts referred, ibid.

Cornwallis, Earl. Vide Questions Neg.

Corporation Act. Vide Que/iions Neg.

Cottons. Vide Calicoe Printers supra.

Covehithe. Vide Keffiingland.

Counsel to be heard before a Committee of the whole House, 20 Feb.- — on Report of Bills, 5 Mar. 3 Apr. 10 May. — onr Second Reading of Bills, 9. 12. 28 Mar. 17^ 19. 20. 23 Apr. 11. 14. 15 May; heard, 19. *5 Apr. 8 May. — before Select Committees on Bills, 17. 19. 26 Apr. 2. 4. 9" May.

Cracoe Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 31 Jan. Presented, and read, 7 Feb. Committed, 12. Reported; to be ingrossed; 19. Passed, 20. Agreed to by the Lords, 1 Mar. Royal Assent, 5.

Credit, Clause of Vide Malt; Land Tax; Consolidated Fund; Bills io Supply.

Crickley Hill Road. Vide Gloucester.

Criminal Judicature. Vide Woks New South*

Criminal,

INDEX

to the Forty-second Volume.

Criminals. Vide Vagrants.

Croprcell Butler Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 5 Mar. Presented, and read, 4 May. Committed, 8. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. King's Con-lent signified, 18. Bill passed, 21. By the Lords, with Amendments, 28. Amendments agreed to, ibid. Royal Assent, 30.

Crown Lands. Vide King.

Croydon Road. Vide IVrotham Heath.

Crudgington Road. Vide Shrewsbury.

Culm. Vide Smuggling.

Customs, and Excil’e, Bill for repealing those Duties, and granting others in lieu thereof, and applying the same, together with the other Duties computing the Public Revenue; and fur permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, ordered, 7 Mar. Iniiruction for impowering the Comroil-iioners of the Stamp Duties to provide One new Stamp, instead of the diliindt Stamps now used, ibid. Bill presented, and read; Day appointed for Second Reading; to be printed, without the Schedules; 9. Committed, 13. Committee deferred, 19. Question Neg. for an Instruction to turn the Bill into Two Bills, 21. Committee further deferred, 26. Account referred; Instruction; 29. Other Accounts referred; Bill considered; ibid. Reported; to be ingrossed; Day appointed for Third Reading; 30. Passed, 4 Apr. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 25.

----- Vide Smuggling.

2f Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

T\A RLA S T ON Road. Vide Birmingham.

Debates, adjourned, 8. 9. 14 May. — Resumed, 15 May.

------ Vide Questions Neg.

Debtors Petitions; viz. Dorchester, 24 Jan. Bodmin; Maid-stone; 29. Fleet, 31. Chester Castle, 1 Feb. Nottingham, 5. 6. Warwick; Aylesbury; 7. Newgate, 9. Norwich; York Castle; Oulcbridge Gaol; Newcastle upon Tyne; Chester Gaol; Gloucester Castle; 12. Cumberland Gaol; Lancaster Castle; 16. Portsmouth Gaol; St. Thomas’s Ward, Devon; Morpeth Gaol; Battley; King’s Bench; Hull; 19. Reading, 20. Ludgate, 23. flint, 26. Bristol; Ivelchester; 28. Horftiam, 5 Mar. Dolgelley, 6. Ruthin, 7.

Insolvent, Bill for their Relief; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes, ordered, 7 Mar. Presented, and read; Day appointed for Second Reading; 15. Bill committed, 20. Petition front certain Persons to be included in the Bill; to lie on the Table; 27. Bill considered, ibid. Reported; to be ingrossed; 28. Passed, 3 Apr.

- - Vide Accounts.

Debts, Resolution? directing certain Provisions to be inserted in Bills for conitituting Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts, 2 Feb. Made Handing Orders, ibid.

Dedel, Solomon, Petition for a Bill for his Naturalization; Bill ordered; 6 Feb. Presented, and read, 8. Party takes Oaths, 9. Bill committed, 12. Reported; lobe ingrossed: 16. Palled, 19. Agreed to by the Lords, 1 Mar. Royal Assent, 5.

Deeds and Wills, made by Papists, Bill for allowing further Time for lnrollment thereof; and for Relief of rrotestant Purchasers, ordered, 8 May. Order discharged, 10.

-------- — - — ---- Bill for allowing further

Time for Inroll men t thereof; and for Relief of Purchasers, ordered, 10 May. Presented, and read, ibid. Committed,

14. Considered, 15. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Passed, 18. Agreed to by the Lords, $3. Royal Assent, 28.

Deficiency, Clause to make good. Vide Malt; Land Tax; Bills in Supply.

Denton Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 5 Mar.

Derby Borough, Petition from, 15 Mar. Vide Copper Com.

---- County Roads. Vide Ashborne.

Deritend Bridge. Vide Birmingham.

Devon Gaol. Vide Exeter.

---- Roads. Vide Key berry Bridge.

, Dillingham, Theophilus, Bill from the Lords for vetting certain Estates devised by his Will, in Dillingham Brampton Gurdon Dillingham, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate of greater Value to the same Uses; read; 26 Apr. Committed, 30. Reported; passed; 7 May. Royal Assent, 21.

Dingwall. Vide Kirkwall.

Division. Vide Members.

Dominica. Vide Jamaica.

V o L- 42.

Dornock. Vide Kirkwall.

Dorrington Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclbfe; Bill ordered; 6 Mar. Presented, and read, 23 Apr. Committed, 27. Reported; to be ingrossed; 11 May. Passed, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 17. Royal Assent, 21.

Douglas, Sir Charles. Vide Hood.

Drake, Admiral. Vide Hood.

Dudley, Petition from, 5 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

- Roads. Vide Birmingham.

Dumfries Two Pennies Scots, Petition for a Bill to continue and amend the Act, and for paving, 8tc. the Streets; referred to a Committee; 26 Feb* Reported; Bill ordered; 23 Apr. Presented, and read, 26. Committed, 30. Reported, and re-committed, 17 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 18. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 24. Royal Assent, 28.

Dunbar. Vide Lauder.

Dung/as Bridge Road. Vide Berwick.

Durham, new Writ, 16 Feb.

270 Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. i}8?.

FASTBURN. Vide Steaton.

" East India, Petition from the Britishi Inhabitants of the Presidency of Fort William, for a Repeal of certain Parts of A A 24 Geo. III. for establishing a Court of Judicature for Trial of Offences committed in the East Indies, 1 Feb. Petition of their Agents, to be heard by Counsel; to lie on the Table; ibid. Referred, 20. Vide infra.

------- Motion for the House to go into a Committee to

consider Acts 24 and 26 Geo. III. lor establishing a Court of Judicature for Trial of OffeQces committed in the East Indies; withdrawn; 15 Feb.

---- Acts 24 and 26 Geo. III. for establishing a

Court of Judicature for Trial of Offences committed in the East Indies, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House; Petitions from the Britishi Inhabitants of the Presidency of Fort William, and of their Agents, referred, and last mentioned Petitioners to be heard by Counsel; 20 Feb. Acts considered, 27.

------ — House acquainted that the Clerk had prepared a

Lift of the Names of all the Members who had delivered in Lifts, in pursuance of Ad of last Session, for further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed

in the East Indies, 8 Mar. Ad read; Lifts laid on the Table; taken out of the Covers, and put into a Box; referred to a Committee to examine them; 9. Report, 12.

—— ------ Company, Petition from, for a Bill to enable

them to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new ones exceeding the Dimensions mentioned in Ad 14 Geo. III. for regulating Buildings and Party Walls; referred to a Committee; 9 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered;

19. Presented, and read, 21. Committed, 2 Apr. x Reported, 17. Passed, 25. Agreed to by the Lords, 10 May, Royal Assent, 21.

----------- certain Accounts and Papers presented

from the Directors, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 7 May. Copy of Proposal made by the Diredocs for bringing Home and paying the Company’s Indian Bond Debt in England (presented last Session) referred; Matters considered; ibid. Report several Resolutions; Day appointed for further considering Report; 9. further Confederation of Report deferred, 10. 11. Report further considered; Resolutions agreed to; 14.

---------- V ide Questions Neg.

East Loot, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House of his having issued his Warrant for a new Writ in the Recess, 23 Jau.

Eaton (Little) Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 5 Mar. Presented, and read, 3 May. Committed, 7. Reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Passed, 17, Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

Ebony, House resolves to go into a Committee to consider of allowing the Importation of Ebony, of the Growth of Africa, 9 May. Considered, ibid. Report Resolution for allowing the Importation thereof, Duty-free; agreed to, and Instruction accordingly; 10. Vide Smuggling.

Ecclesiastical Courts, Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits therein, ordered, 23 Feb. Presented, and read; to be printed; 8 Mar. Committed, 12. Committee deferred, 16. 19. 26. Bill considered, 3 Apr. Reported, and recommitted, 18. Considered, 20. Reported; to be in* grossed; 23. Passed, 30. Agreed to by the Lords, 15 May. Royal Assent, 21.

Edinburgh Streets. Vide Leith.

----- Petition from the Corporation of Surgeons there,

for a Bill to confirm and alter Letters Patent granted to them, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for Provision for their Widows and Children; referred to a Committee; 5 Mar. Petition for additional Provision;

C referred;

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume*

referred; 30 Apr. Petitions reported; Bill ordered; 2 May. Presented, and read, 3. Committed, 7. Reported; to be ingossed; 15. Palled, 16. Agreed to by the Lords,

21. Royal A fieri t, 28.

Elections, controverted. Vidte Norwich. Carlijlt. Kirkwall. Renfrew. Saltash.

— ---- ofte determined void. Vide Norwich.

— ---- Two Committees for Trial thereof appointed the same Day, 15 Feb.

---- Petitions withdrawn. Vide Renfrew. Kirkwall.

---- Select Committees of, directed to proceed, notwith-

t standing the Absence of Members, 2. 3 May.

---- Bill for better ascertaining of the Persons qualified

to vote at County Elections, ordered, 26 Apr.

— -- Motion for Leave to bring in a Bill for more effec-

tually preventing Occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members for Cities, Towns, j^orts, and Boroughs; withdrawn; 30 Apr.

---- Vide Members. Scotland.

Epping Road. Vide Harlow.

Er/kine, Sir William (a Ship fa called.) Vide Martha.

Essex, Suffolk, and Hertford Roads, Petition for a Bill to repeal certain Acts for repairing them, and to reduce the same into One A(5t; referred to a Committee; 29 Jan. Reported; Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads, ordered; 2 Mar. Presented, and read, 4 Apr.

— Roads. Vide Harlow.

Etchingham Road. Vide Hurjt Green.

Exchange, Bills of Vide Promissory Notes.

Exchequer Bills. Vide Accounts. Bills in Supply.

Excise. Vide Customs. H ines.

Exeter, Petition from, 26 Feb. Vide Shops.

----- Gaol, Petition of Mr. Rolle to be discharged from the Office of Keeper thereof; referred to a Committee; 8 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 27 Apr. Presented, and read, 30. Order for Second Reading discharged; Bill withdrawn, and another ordered; 2 May. Petition for Power to enlarge and re-build the Gaol, and for taking down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter; referred to a Committee; ibid. Reported, and Instruction accordingly, 3. Bill presented, and read, 4. Committed, 8. Reported; to be ingossed; 16. Palled, 17. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

270 Geo. IlL Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

pARNHURST Imhc Rond. Vide Milford.

Fawkener, William, Bill from the Lords to dissolve his , Marriage; read; 19 Mar. Committed; Instruction to hear Counselt and examine Witnesses; 23. Bill considered, and reported, 2 Apr. Palled, 3. Royal Assent, 3. new Writ, 28 May.

Finefcourt. V ide Sarjden.

Fisheries, Act of lait Session, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 7 Feb. Considered, 9. Report Resolution for extending the Bounty granted by the said Act; agreed to, and Bill ordered thereupon; 12. Pre-fen ted, and read, 26. Committed, 2 Mar. Committee deferred, 6. 13. 15. 19. 21. 22. 23. Instruction; Bill considered; 26. Reported; to be ingossed; 27. Pafifed, 28. Agreed to by the Lords, 3 Apr. Royal Assent, 5.

----- House resolves to go into a Committee to consider of

extending the Bounties allowed by the above-mentioned Act, 23 Mar. Matter considered, ibid. Report One Re-solution; agreed to, and Infiruction thereupon; 26. Vide I’upra.

*----- Bill for more efie&unlly protecting the Fisheries on the

C’oafts of England and Wales, and for puniOiin^ Offences against the Persons and Property of Owners of Vessels, and others concerned therein, oidered, 8 May. Presented, and read, 10. Committed, 14. Coufidered, 15. Reported; to be ingossed; 16. Palled, 18.

Flajlcs. Vide Smuggling.

Fteufiish. Vide Cambridge.

Ft unwell I cut Road. Vide Kipping9s Crufs.

Flint, Petition for a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from Pentre Rock, near Flint, to Greeutieid; referred 10 a Committee; 16 Mar.

Florida {\\ elt) Petition from the Planters, Merchants, and other late Proprietors of that Province, for Compensation on Account of Lolles iu indued in Consequence of the Cel-lion thereof to America and Spain, offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; to lie on the Table; 16 Mar. Read again; Question Keg. lor referring it to a Committee; 18 May.

-------\ ide Quejiiuns Neg.

Foley, Honourable Edward, Bill from the Lords to diffohe

his Marriage; read; 18 Apr. Committed; InltrUcliofi tt> hear Count'd, and examine Witnesses; 23. Committee deferred, 2 May. Bill considered, and reported, 3. Passed, 4. Royal Assent, 21.

Footmen attending Members, usual Orders relating to them, 24 Jan.

ForejlaUing. Vide Cattle.

Forth and Clyde Navigation, Petition for a Bill to vary and extend the Powers of the Company of Proprietors; referred to a Committee; 16 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 20. Presented, and read, 28. Committed, 2 Apr. Reported; to be ingossed; 24. Passed, 27. Agreed to by the Lord^, 2 May; Royal Assent, 21.

------------ — Petition for a Bill to deepen the

Canal, and for altering and extending the Line thereof, &c, &c.; referred to a Committee; 16 Mar* Reported; Bill ordered; 20. Presented, and read, 25 Apr. Committed,

30. Reported; to be ingossed; 10 May. Passed, 15. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

France, so much of King's Speech, at the Opening of the Session, as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty and the Moll Christian King, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House; Papers referred; 5 Feb. Petition from the General Chamber of Manufacturers, to have the Consideration of the Treaty postponed; to lie on the Table; 12. Accounts and other Papers referred; Matter considered; 12. 15. Question Neg. for an Inffrudion to the Committee; Matter further confix dered; 16. Report several Resolutions; agreed to; 19# Referred, 26. Vide Revenue.

— ---- Vide Accounts. Address. Customs.

Frome, Petition for a Bill to ere(ft a Market House in that Town, for taking down several Houses, and paving, &c. the Streets; referred to a Committee; 8 Mar.

Fuller, Mr; Vide Jamaica.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4- A. 1787.

GAINSBOROUGH, Petition for building a Bridge r over the Trent there, and for making a Road therefronl to Knft Retford, with a Side Branch to the Town of Gringley on the Hill; referred to a Committee; 16 Feb. Petitions in Favour, 16. 19. 20. First Petition reported; Bills ordered; 21. Vide infra.

------------- Bill for building a Bridge from

thence to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, ordered, 21 Feb. Presented, and read, 23. Committed, 27; Petition from the Corporation of Lincoln, against; to lie on the Table till Bill reported, and Counfei ordered; 3 Mar. Petition of Mr. Harrison, for Recompence for Diminution of the Tolls at Walkerith Ferry; referred to Committee on Bill, and Instruction accordingly; ibid. Bill reported; House informed that the Corporation of Lincoln declined being heard by Counfei on the Report; Bill to be ingossed; 9. Palled, 12. Agreed to by the Lords, 28# Royal Allent, 30.

------------ Bill for making a Road from the

West End of the above-mentioned Bridge, through Saund-by, Beckingham, and other Places, to Eall Retford, with a Side Branch to Gringiey on the Hill, ordered, 21 Feb. Presented, and read, 23. Committed, 27. Reported; to be ingossed; 13 Mar. Palled, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 19. Royal Assent, 22.

Gatton, new Writ, 21 Feb.

Geneva, Duties payable on Importation of Foreign Geneva, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, o May. Considered, ibid. Report Resolutions for charging an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported, and allowing an additional Drawback on Exportation thereof; agreed to, and Instruction accordingly; 10. Vide Smuggling.

Georgia. Vide Carolina.

Gibbet Lane Road. Vide Birmingham.

Glasgow Road to Redburn Bridge and Bonny Water, Petition for a Bill to continue, alter, and enlarge 'Term and Powers of Acts; referred to a Committee; 8 Mat*. Reported; Bill ordered; 13. Presented, and rend, 2 Apr. Petition to include the Road from Bonny Water to Loanhead; referred to a Committee; 24. Bill committed, 25. Petition for additional Provision reported, and Instruction accordingly, 30. Bill reported; to be ingossed; 4 May. Palled, 8. Agreed to by the Lords, 11. Royal Assent, 21.

Glass, Duties and Drawbacks thereon to be considered m Committee of the whole House, 10 A1 ay. Considered, 11. Report Resolutions lor charging certain Duties on Glufs Imported, and allowing certain Drawbacks on Glufs made in Great Britain; agreed to, and Bill oidered thereupon;

14. Instruction for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glals made in Great Britain, 15. Bill presented,

INDEX to the Fob

and read, ibid. Committed, 16. Considered, 17. Reported; to be ingrossed; 18. Faffed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal A (lent, 30.

Gloucester Roads to Birdlip and Crickley Hills, Petition for a Bill to continue, alter, and enlarge Term and Powers of Act; referred to a Committee; 1 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 7. Piefented, and read, 12. Committed, 16. Reported; to be ingrossed; 26. Palled, 28. Agreed to by the Lords, 4 Apr. Royal Assent, 5.

— ------ — Vide Mead Brook. Burford. v

Godjlone Road. Vide tt'rotham Heath.

Goods. Vide Jamaica.

Goring Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 29 Jan. Frdented, and rend, 16 Feb. Committed,

20. Reported; to be ingrossed; 28. Faded, 2 Mar. Agreed to by the Lords, 7. Royal Allein, 22.

Graff, Daniel, Petition for a Bill for his Naturalization; Bill ordered; 23 Peb. Presented, and read, 26. Party takes Oaths, 28. Bill committed, 2 Mar. Reported; to be in-gross'ed; 5. Palled, 9. Agreed to by the Lords, 15. Royal Allent, 22.

Graham, Thomas, Bill from the Lords for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Williamfton, &c. See. in Favour of him, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and for vesting in him and his Heirs, iu Fee Simple, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton, and others; read; 23 Mar. Committed, 27. Reported; passed; 3 Apr. Royal Assent. 5.

Grain. Vide Corn.

Grantham, Petition for a Bill to re-build the Guildhall; referred

to a Committee; 2 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 3 May. Presented, and read, 4. Committed, 8. Reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Faffed, 17. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal AlVent, 28.

----- Road. Vide Stamford.

Grenada. Vide Jamaica.

Grievances, Grand Committee appointed, 24 Jan.

Gunners Widows.' Vide Address.

270 Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

ZTA DDINGTON. Vide Lauder.

Hales (North) Common Fields. Vide Krffxngland.

Halford Bridge Road. Vide Burford Lane.

Hanging Bridge Road. Vide High Bridges infra.

Ilanley Chapel, Petition for a Bill for taking down and rebuilding it, for veiling the Right of Nomination in Trustees, and enlarging the Buriat Ground; Bill ordered; 26 Feb. Presented, and read, 3 May. Committed, 7. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Puffed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords,

24. Royal Assent, 28.

Hanover Square, Petition from several of the Vestrymen of Saint George’s Parish, for a Bill to confirm the Purchase of a House at Little Chelsea, to be used as an additional Work-house; referred to a Committee; 1 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 7. Presented, and read, 9. Petition from certain Owners of Estates and Inhabitants, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading of Bill, and Counsel ordered; 12. Day appointed for Second Reading, 17 Apr. Another Petition from certain Owners of Estates and Inhabitants, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading, and Counsel ordered;

20. Second Reading deferred, ibid. Bill read a Second Time; Counsel heard; Bill committed; all to have Voices; 25. Bill icporled, and re-committed, 7 May. Reported; to he ingrossed; 8. Palled, 9. Agreed to by the Lords, 15. Royal A dent, 21.

------- Petition from several of the Vestrymen of Saint

George’s Parish, fi* *r a Bill to provide a proper Place to be tiled as an adduioual YVoikhouit*, and for defraying the Expense of maintaining such Poor Per ions as have been, and may hereafter be, kept in the House at Lillie Chelsea; referred to a Committee; 16 Mar.

Harlow Bash Common Road to Woodford, Petition for a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of Acts, and for repairing the Road from Epping to Writtle; referred to a Committee; 26 Jan. Reported; Bill ordered; 6 Feb. Presented, asid read, 8. Committed, 12. Repotted; to be ingrossed; 26. Faffed, 2 Mar. Agreed to by the Lords, 9. Uoyal Assent,

22.

----- Vide Ongar.

llarnham Hill Road. Vide lYhilefheet llill. ilarptree (West) Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 2 Mar. Presented, and read, 12. Committed, 16. Reported; to be ingrossed; 26. Passed, 17 Apr. Agreed-to by the Lords, 24. Royal Assent,

25.

Harston Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 5 Mar.

Hajlemerc Road. Vide Milford.

V o l. 42.

ty-s econd Volume.

Hastings, Warren, Day appointed for going into a Committee to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against; him, 24 Jan. Mr. Middleton ordered to attend, 26. Charges further considered; Mr, Middleton and Sir Elijah Impey ordered to attend, and bring with them Correspondence relating to the Begums of Oude; 1 Feb. Charges further considered, 2. 7. 8 Feb. Committee deferred; Sir Elijah Impey and Mr. Middleton ordered to attend; 16. Charges further considered, 20. Committee deferred, 21. Sir Elijah Impey and Mr. Middleton ordered to attend, and bring with them Correspondence relating to the Affairs of Furruckabad, ibid. Charges further considered, 23. Mr. Middleton ordered to attend, with his Letter Books and other Correspondence relative to the Public Affairs of the Province of Oude, and its Dependencies, 26. Charges further considered, 27 Feb. 2 Mar. Mr. Young to attend, 2 Mar. Mr. Mercer to attend; Charges further considered; 5. Committee deferred, 7. Mr. Baugh to attend, 14. Charges further considered,

15. Several other Persons ordered to attend, 19. Charges further considered, 20. 22. Other Persons ordered to at-teud, 22. Charges further considered, 23. Other Persons to attend, 26. Motion to discharge the Order for receiving a Report from the Committee, withdrawn, 27. Auditor of Indian Accounts to attend, and bring with him certain Papers, and Books, 29. Other Persons ordered to attend, 29.30. Charges further considered, 30 Mar. 2 Apr. Report several Resolutions; Day appointed for further considering Report; 2 Apr, Report one other Resolution; to be considered at the same Time with the former Report, ibid. Reports' considered; Resolutions agreed Vo, and, together with the Articles of Charge to which they relate, Minutes of Evidence received by the Committee, and Papers and Accounts relative to the Conduct of Mr. Hastings, referred to a Committee to prepare therefrom Articles of Impeachment against him; Committee impowered to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, and to report their Proceedings from Time to Time; to lit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House; 3. Charges further considered; Report one other Resolution; agreed to, and, together with the Article of Charge to which it relates, and Minutes of Evidence received by the Committee relative thereto, referred to the Committee appointed to prepare Articles of Impeachment; 19. Report of Articles of Impeachment; Day appointed for further considering Report; to be printed; 25. Further Consideration of Report deferred, 30 Apr. 2 May. Report considered; Articles read a Second Time; Preamble, and First Article amended, and agreed to; further Consideration of Report adjourned; 9 May. Report of another Article of Impeachment; Day appointed for further conficlering it; to be printed; 10. Adjourned Consideration of First Report of Articles of Impeachment resumed; Second and Third Articles amended, and agreed to; Fourth Article agreed to; Fifth and Sixth Articles amended, and agreed to; Articles to be ingrossed; Clause to be prepared, laving Liberty to exhibit any further Articles; Clause reported; agreed to, and to be ingrossed with the Articles; Mr. Hastings to be impeached; ibid. Report of his having been impeached, 11. Ingrossed Articles of Impeachment read, and Title amended; ordered to be carried to the Lords; Report of their having been delivered to the Lords; 34. Consideration of Second Report of Articles of Impeachment deferred; Charges further considered; Report one other Resolution; agreed to, and, together with the Article of Charge to which it relates, and Minutes of Evidence received by the Committee relative thereto, referred to the Committee appointed to prepare Articles of Impeachment; ibid. Second Report of Articles of Impeachment further considered; Seventh Article amended, and agreed to; to be ingrossed; Clause to be prepared, laving Liberty to exhibit any further Articles; 17. Clause reported; agreed to, and to be ingrossed with the Seventh Article; 18. Mr. Hastings ordered into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; Serjeant acquaints the House, that he had taken him into Custody; ingrossed Seventh Article of Impeachment read, and Title amended; ordered to be carried to the Lords; Lords to be acquainted that Mr. Hastings is in the Serjeants Custody, and ready to be delivered to the Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod; 21, Report of the Seventh Article of Impeachment having been delivered to the Lords, and of their Lordships having been acquainted that Mr. Hastings was in Custody; Serjeant acquaints the House that he had delivered Mr. Hastings to the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, and hud taken a Discharge for him; 23. Report of several other Articles of Impeachment; Day appointed for further considering Report; to be printed; ibid. Third Report of Articles of Impeachment further considered; Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, . Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth,

Nineteenth,

INDEX to the Foe

Nineteenth, hml Twentieth Article*, agreed to; to be ingrossed; Ciaut’e to be prepared, saving Liberty to exhibit any farther Articles; Clause reported; agreed to, and to be ingrotfed with the Jafi-mentioned Articles; 24. lngrossed last mentioned Articles of Impeachment read, and ordered to be carried to the Lords, 28. Report of their having been delivered to the Lords, 30.

Hastings, Warren, Papers (contained in the Reports from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa) relative to Presents received by him, ordered to be printed, 21 Mar. — other Papers relative to Presents received by him, to be printed, 27.

------ Vide Accounts. Questions Neg.

Hatfield Chace, Petition for a Bill for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds there; referred to a Committee; 9 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 15. Petition for Power to erert a new Sluice on the River Bicarrfdike; to lie 011 the Table; 16. Bill presented, and read, ibid. Committed, 3 Apr. Petition from several Owners of Estates in the Isle of Axholme, against; referred, and Counsel ordered; all to have Voices; 17. Committee impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, 26. Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 4 May. Paised, 8. Agreed to by the Lords, 15. Royal Assent, 21.

- — Road. Vide Reading.

Hatton Moor Road. Vide Ashbomc.

Headbourne Wortley Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bihordered; 28 Feb.

Hellejton, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House of his having issued his Warrant for a new YVrit in the Recess, 23 Jan.

Ilenfield. Vide Lewes.

Hcrjlelder (a Ship so called). Vide Pole.

Hertef, John Jacob, Petition for a Bill for his Naturalization; Bill ordered; 15 Mar. Presented, and read, 20. Party takes Oaths, 22. Bill committed, 26. Reported; to be ingrossed; 27. Paised, 28. Agreed to by the Lords, 4 Apr, Royal Aifent, 5.

Hertfordshire Roads. Vide Essex. Reading.

Hidesy and Skins. Vide Laws expiring.

High Bridges Road to Uttoxeter, und from Spath to Hanging Bridge, &c. Petition for a Bill to continue, alter, and en« large Term and Powers of Arts; referred to a Committee; 23 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 26 Apr. Presented, and read, 27. Committed, 2 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 0. Paised, 15. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Aifent, 28.

High Bui ten Roads. Vide Birmingham.

Hippius, Frederick, Petition for a Bill for his Naturalization; Bill ordered; 7 Mar, Member added; Bill presented, and read; 30 Apr. Parly takes Oaths, 3 May, Bill committed, 4, Reported; to be ingrossed; 7. Passed, 8. Agreed to by the Lords, 11. Royal Assent, 21.

Ilomeyer, William, Bill from the Lords for his Naturalization; read; 14 May. Committed, 18. Reported; paised; 21. Royal Assent, 28.

Hood, Rear Admiral Sir Samuel, Vote of Thanks to him, and others, in 1782, read, and ordered to be printed in the Votes,

14 May.

Hor/es. Vide Po/l Horses.

Hofch, Peter John, Petition for a Bill for his Naturalization; Bill ordered; 6 Mar. Presented, and read, 9. Party takes Oaths, 12. Bill committed, 13. Reported; to be ingrossed; 14. Puffed, 15. Another Member to carry it to the Lords, 20. Agreed to by the Lords, 27. Royal Assent, 30.

Ilouse, meets, 23 Jan. — attends the King in the House of Peers, 23 Jan. 5 Mar. 25 Apr. 30 May. — makes the usual Orders, and comes to usual Resolutions, touching Privileges and Elections, &c. 24 Jan. Vide Serjeant. Constables. Footmen. Po/imaster. Speaker. Orders. — appoints their Chaplain to preach before them, 24 Jan. Thanks him, 31. — resolves at their Rising to adjourn to a certain Day, 26. 29 Jan. 2. 9. 16. 23 Feb. 2. 9. 16. 23. 30 Mar. 5. 27 Apr. n. 18. 21. 24. 28 May. — fits till after One in the Morning, 7 Feb.; till after Two, 12. 21 Feb.; till near Two,

15 Feb. 15 Mar.; till Half an Hour after Twelve, 28 Mar. — adjourns without doing Business, 13. 14 Feb. 1 May. — interrupted in their Proceedings by Counsel and Agents for a contested Election Petition returning to the Bar, 15 Feb.; by a Mefliige from the Lord* Commissioner*, 28 May.

---- Vide Questions Neg.

Hull. Vide King/ton upon Hull.

Hungerford, John Peach, Bill from the Lords for vesting the Tylhes and Ellate at Orton, belonging to Jesu* Hospital, in him for his Life, with Remainder* over, and for settling a Rent Charge in lieu thereof, 20 Apr. Read, 23. Committed, .27. Reported; passed; 4 May, Royal Assent, 21.

ty*s econ d Volume.

Huntingdon Borough, new Writ, 4 May.

Hurjlcy Road, through Andover, to Newbury, Chilton Pond* and Newtown River, Petition for a Bill to continue, alter, and enlarge. Term and Powers of Act, and for repairing the Road from Newbury to Speenhamland; referred to a Committee; 2 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered: 2 Apr. Presented, and read, 23. Committed, 2 7. Reported; to be ingrossed; 14 May. Passed, 16. Agreed toby the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

Hurst Green, Etchingham, and Burwafh Road,* Petition for a Bill to continue, alter, and enlarge Term and Powers of Art; referred to a Committee; 6 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered;

16. Presented, and read, 10. Committed, *3. Reported; to be ingrossed; 5 Mar. Paised, 6. Agreed to by the Lord*, 19. Royal Assent, 22.

27* Geo. III. ParL 16. Sess. 4* A. 1787.

JAMAICA, Petition from Mr. Fuller (Agent for that Island) for a Reduction of the Duties on Uuto; to lie 01* the Table; 21 Feb.

------ House resolves to go into a Committee to con-

fider of allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston* Savannah le Mar, &c. &c. &. c. 4 May. Considered; Report Resolution for allowing the Importation and Exportation of them, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; agreed to, and Bill ordered thereupon; 7. Presented, and read; Day appointed for Second Reading; 8. Second Reading deferred, 10. Bill committed, 11. Considered, 14. Reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Paised. 16. Another Member to carry it to the Lords, 18. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

James, St. Parish, Westminster, Petition from the Rertor and Churchwardens for a Bill to provide a Cemetery or Burial Ground; referred to a Committee; 16 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 26.

--------- Vide BriJtoL Clerlccnwell.

Jedburgh. Vide Lauder.

Jenkinson, David, his Petition for Relief on Account of Money paid by him for the Three first Payments towards the Loan of 1784, and which became forfeited by omitting to make the future Payments, being confined to his Bed by Illness, offered; King*s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; referred to a Committee; 16 Mar. Reported; Report to lie on the Table; 26 Apr, Referred to Committal of Supply, 4 May. Vide Supply„

Jesus Hospital. Vide Hungerford,

Impeachment. Vide Hajlings.

Impcy, Sir Eliiah. Vide Hajtings.

Indemnity, vide Offices.

Injtruflions. Vide Questions Neg.

Invermjs, Petition for Leave to present a Petition, after the limited Time, for a Bill to appropriate 1,000l., Part of the unexhaufied Balance of Monies arising from the forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards re-building the Court House and Gaol at that Town, 3 Apr. Leave given; Petition offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; referred to a Committee; ibid.

Journal of the House, to be printed, 21 May.

Journals, read in the House, 21 Feb, 19. 26 Mar. 4,21.23 May.

---- Vide Address.

Irwin, Viscountess. Vide Suffix.

Ivelchester, new Writ, 19 Feb.

Ives, Saint, Petition for a Bill to repair the Bridge over th# Kiver Oul’e at that Town, &,c. &c.; referred to a Committee; 6 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 19. Presented, and read, 4 Apr.

Justice, Courts of Grand Committee appointed, 24 Jan. Jujiiciary, Court of Vide Scotland.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

JfE L S 0 Road. Vide Lauder.

I. Kent Roads. Vide IV rot ham Heath. Kipping$ Cross. Kcffingland and Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 5 Feb. Presented, and read, 7. Committed, 12. Reported; to be ingrossed; 20. Paired, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 6 Mar* Royal Assent, 22.

Keyberry Bridge Roads to Slialldon and Torkev, Petition for a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of Art; referred to a Committee; 21 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 7 Mar. Presented, and read, 9. Committed, 13. Reported; to be ingrossed; 20. Paised, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 27. Royal Assent, 30.

King, Message from, to attend Him in the House of Peers, 23 Jan. 5 Mar. 25 Apr. 30 May. — His Speech at the

Beginning

INDEX to the Forty -second Volume.

Beginning of the Session reported by Mr. Speaker; Refold* tion thereupon. Non. con.; 23 Jan. Vide Address. — His Speech to be considered, 24 Jan. Considered; Resolution thereupon; 25. Vide Supply. — appoints to be attended at Saint James’s, 25 Jan. 8 Mar. — His Recommendation to

a Petitions signified, 1 Feb. 2. 9. 16. 26 Mar. 3. 27. 30 Apr. — gives the Royal Assent to Bills by Commission, 23 Feb. 22. 30 Mar. 5 Apr. 21. 28 May; in Person, 5 Mar. 23 Apr. 30 May. — recommends making Provision for the Militia, 2 Mar. — Message from, for enabling him to grant an Annuity to Sir John Skynner, late Chief Baron of the Exchequer, iq Mar. Vide Skynner. — recommends making Provision for Relief of Widows of certain Warrant Officers of the Navy, 18 Apr. — His Consent to Bills signified, 11. 18. 21 May. — Part of his Speech in a former Session referred to a Committee, 16 May. — Message from, respecting the Prince of Wales’s Debts, 21 May. Vide Wales, Pnnce of.

King, Bill for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to Him, ordered, 30 Apr. Presented, and read, 2 May. Committed, 7. Committee deferred, 10. 11. 14. Bill considered, 15. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Passed, 17. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

---- Vide Revenue.

King/ion. Vide Jamaica.

Kimgfton upon Hull, Petitions from, 26 Feb. Vide Copper Coin. — 6 Mar. Vide Com.

-------- Petition for a Bill to enlarge the Bason or

Dock there, for making additional Works, disposing of certain Lands belonging to the Dock Company, and other Purposes; referred to a Committee; 6 Mar. Petition from several Members of the Dock Company, against; to lie on the Table till first Petition reported; 13. First Petition reported; Bill ordered; 28. Presented, and read; Petition against, read again, and Counsel ordered at Second Reading of Bill; 19 Apr. Petition from the Dock Company, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading, and Counselordered; Day appointed for Second Reading; 23. Several Persons ordered to attend, with certain Books and Papers, ibid. Petitions in Favour, 25, 26, 27. Second Reading of Bill deferred; other Persons ordered to attend; 30. Another Petition in Favour, 3 May. Second Reading of Bill put off for Three Months, ibid.

Vide Accounts.

Cross Road to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen’s Hill, and Tlimwell Vent, Petition for a Bill to continue, alter, and enlarge Term and Powers of Act, and for repairing the Road from Lamberhurst Pound to Clayhill; referred to a Committee; 27 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 5 Mar. Presented, and read, 8. Committed, 12. Reported; to be ingrossed; 24 Apr. Passed, 25. Agreed to by the Lords, 2 May. Royal Assent, 21.

Kirkby in Kendal, Petition from, 23 Feb. Vide Copper Coin.

Kirkbymaltcard Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 19 Feb. Presented, and read, 23 Apr. Committed, 27. Reported; to be ingrossed; 7 May. Passed, 10. Agreed to by the Lords, 17. Royal Assent, 21.

Kirkwall, Wick, &c. Burghs, Petition from General Ross, complaining of an undue Election; Day appointed for taking it into Consideration; 1 Feb. Petition from the Magistrates and Council of Dingwall; to be considered at the same Time, and Notices to be sent to the Parties; Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrants for Persons, Papers, and Records; ibid. House informed that the Petitioners desire to withdraw their Petitions; Consideration of Motion for withdrawing them adjourned; 26 Mar. Resumed; Orders for considering Petitions discharged; Petitions withdrawn; 30.

Kynaston, John. Vide SaltajhEleftion.

227° Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

J AC A M, Benjamin, his Petition, 2 Mar. Vide Bengal.

*-' Lambcrhurji Pound Road. Vide Kipping's Cross.

Lancaster, Ducny of, Bill to amend Act 19 Geo. III. for enabling the Chancellor and Council to dil'pose of certain Fee Farm and other Rents, &c. &c. and to enable them to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, ordered, 30 Apr. Presented, and read, 3 May. Committed, 4. Considered, 7. Reported; to be ingrossed; 8. Read the Third Time; Debate on Motion for reading aClause a Second Time, adjourned; 14. Resumed; Question Neg. for reading the Clause a Second Time; Bill passed; 4 5. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

Lancing. Vide Lewes infra.

Land Tax. Vide Bills in Supply.

----- Bill for rectifying Mistakes in Commissioners

Names, and appointing others, ordered, 27 Apr. Presented, and read, 30. Committed; Members to prepare Lists of Commissioners Names; Resolutions of last Session relative to delivering them in, read; 7 May. Committee VoL 42.

deferred, 14. Bill considered, 15. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Passed, 2i. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 30.

Laftingham Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 9 Mar. Presented, and read, 2 May. Committee, 7. Reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Passed, 16. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

Lauder Road, through Kelso, to the Marchburn, Petition for. a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of Act; referred to a Committee; 1 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 15. Presented, and read, 20. Committed, 26. Reported; to be ingrossed; 3 Apr. Passed, 20. Agreed to by the Lords, 26. Royal Assent, 21 May.

----- Haddington, &c. Burghs, new Writ, 23 May.

Laws, expiring, Committee appointed to inspect; to report Opinion from Time to Time; 17 Apr. Report; to lie on. the Table; 7 May. Report of Three Resolutions for continuing several, read; the First, relating to the Importation of Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and America, postponed: The Second and Third Resolutions, relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to the Sugar Colonies in America, and for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity thereof from the Port or Lancaster to the said Colonies, for Sustenance of the Inhabitants; for prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers employed therein to go beyond Sea; agreed to, and Bill ordered thereupon; 8 May. Instruction to Committee of Ways and Means to consider of Act mentioned in postponed Resolution, ibid. Vide Ways and Means, in Supply. instructions tp Gentlemen appointed to bring in the Bill, 9, 10. Bill presentied, and read, 14. Committed, 15. Considered, 16. Reported; to be ingrossed; 17. Passed, 21, Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 30.

--- penal, Motion for Leave to bring in a Bill to appoint

certain Persons to examine into the State of them, and report their opinion to the House; withdrawn; 27 Apr.

Leeds, Petition from, 23 Feb. Vide Copper Coin.

---- Petition for a Bill to supply the Inhabitants of that

Town and Neighbourhood with Water, for removing Annoyances, and lighting certain Streets; referred to a Committee; 9 Mar.

Leicester, Petition from, 27 Feb. Vide Copper Coin.

Leitn Harbour, Petition for a Bill to enlarge and improve it, for erecting Docks and other Buildings, making Roads to the Harbour, widening certain Streets in Edinburgh, and increasing the City Guard; referred to a Committee; 19 Feb. Reported; " Bill ordered; 23 Apr. Presented, ana read, 24. Committed, 30. Petition from Mr. Grieve, Lord Provost of Edinburgh, for additional Provision; referred to a Committee; 2 May. Petitions against, viz. from Mr. Sirne; Mr. Alexander Robertson, and others; Mr. Tait, and others; and Mr, William Robertson, and others; referred, and Counsel ordered; all to have Voices; ibid. Mr. Grieve’s Petition reported, and Instruction thereupon, 4. Other Petitions against, referred, and Counsel ordered, viz. from Mr. Hadaway, and others; Messrs. Tod and Stoddart; the Assistant Matter, and Depute Master, of the Incorporation of Ship Matters in Leith; Proprietors of Slips for Ship-building in Leith; Mr. Reid; 4.8.9. Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 17. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 30.

Lemon, John. Vide Saltash.

Letters, Duties of Pottage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets berween Great Britain and Waterford, by Way of Milford Haven, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 2 Mar. Considered, 5. Report Two Resolutions; agreed to, and Bill ordered thereupon; 6. Pre-. fen ted, and read, 14. Committed, 16. Considered, 19. Reported; to be ingrossed; 20. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 27. Royal Assent, 30.

Lewes, Petition for a Bill for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Rapes of Lewes, Pevenfey, and Bramber; referred to a Committee; 12 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 23 Apr. Member added; Bill presented, and read; 4 May. Committed, 8. Reported; to be ingrossed; 18. Question Neg. for reading it a Third Time; Third Reading put off so?Three Months; 21 ?

Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, House resolvfe9 to go into a Committee to consider of imposing additional Duties thereort, 4 May. Considered, 7. Reported; Report recommitted; 8. Committee deferred, 9. Report considered, 10. Report several Resolutions for charging certain additional Duties on them; agreed to, and Bill ordered thereupon; 11. Presented, and read, 15. Committed, 16. Considered, 17. Reported; to be ingrossed; 18. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 30.

Lincoln , City, Petitions from, 19 Feb, Vide Shops*-28 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

D Uncolnshire

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume.

Lincolmjkirt Roads. Vide Gainsborough. Stamford.

Linens, Acts 29 Geo. II. and 10 and 19 Geo. ill. for granting Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported, &c. &c, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 8 May. Considered, ibid. Report Resolution for further continuing; the first-menlioned Act; agreed to, and Instruction accordingly; 9, Vide Laws expiring, supra.

— --Vide Callicoe Printers.

Linttood. Vide Martin.

Liverpool, Petition from, 27 Feb. Vide Copper Coin.

Lonam, Petition of Messrs. Burnett and Rodbard, for a Bill to establish Regulations for Mooring Vessels in the Port of London, between London Bridge and Cuckold’s Point, and for providing a Nightly Watch; to lie on the Table; 26 Jan. Petitions in Favour, 16 Mar.

---- Petition from the Lord Mayor, 8cc. for Leave to present a Petition, after the limited Time, for a Bill to purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, for regulating the Mooring of Vessels, and establishing a Nightly Watch; Leave given; Petition presented, ana referred to a Committee; 23 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 26 Apr. Order of Leave for Bill discharged, and another Bill ordered; 2 May. Presented, and read, 4. Committed, 8. Reported; to be ingrossed; 18. King’s Consent figoified; Bill passed. 21.

---- Petitions from, 1 Feb. Vide Shops. — 2 Mar. Vide

Copper Coin. — 4 May. Vide Cattle.

Ijohg Stow. Vide Cambridge.

Loot. Vide East Loot.

Lotteries, Bill to amend the Laws for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets, ordered, t Feb. Presented, and read; Committed; 2. Considered, 5. Reported; to be ingrossed; 6. Passed, 7. By the Lords, with Amendments, 12. Amendments considered; Day appointed for taking them into further Consideration; ibid.

---- Bill to render more effectual the Laws for suppref-

sing unlawful Lotteries, ordered, 15 Feb. Presented, and read; committed* considered, and reported; to be ingrossed; passed 5 ibid. Agreed to by the Lords; Royal Assent; *3-

— > Vide Bills in Supply.

Lyneham. Vide Sarfden.

27° Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

%/f AC G1LLIVRAY, James. Vide Qnefions Neg.

Malden, new Writ, 12 Feb.

Malt Duties. Vide Bills in Supply.

Mansfield Road. Vide Nottingham.

Marchburn Road. Vide Lauder.

Margate, Petition for a Bill to amend Act 11 Geo. I. for Maintenance of the Pier there, for building a new Stone Pier, and paving, 8ie. the Streets; referred to a Committee; 20 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 16 Mar. Petition for additional Provision, and for regulating Chairmen, Porters, Carters, Carmen, and others, and their Fares; referred to a Committee; 27 Apr. Reported; Order of Leave for Bill discharged, and another Bill ordered; 30. Presented, and read; ibid. Committed, 4 May. Petition from certain Inhabitants of Margate, for an additional Number of Commissionenj; referred to Committee on Bill; all to have Voices; 10. Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 11. Passed, 14, Agreed to by the Lords, 17. Royal Assent, 21.

Marine Forces, Bill for regulating them while on Shore, ordered, 6 Feb. Presented, and read, 8. Committed, 9. Considered, 12, Reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Passed, 16. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal A (lent, ibid.

Marlow Road. Vide Reading.

Martha and Sir William Erjkint(Ships so called) Petition from the Owners and Freighters of Goods on board them, for Relief on Account of Losses luRained by the Re-capture and Condemnation of the said Ships, offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; to lie on the Table; 16 Mar. Read again; Question Neg. for referring it to a Committee; 17 May.

Martin and Linwood, Petition for a BUI to inclose and drain certain Fens and Low Lands in diofe Hamlets; referred to a Committee; 7 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 16. Presented, and read, 30 Mar. Committed, 5 Apr. Reported, and re-committed, 3 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 4. Passed, 7. Agreed to by the Lords, 11. Royal Assent, si.

M*DowaU, William. Vide Renfrew.

Mead Brook Road to Christian Malford Bridge, and from Pucklechurch to certain Coal Mines in that Parish, Petition for a Bill to continue and enlarge Term and Powers of Acts, and to repair another Road; referted to a Committee; 26 Jan. Reported; Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads,

ordered; 8 Feb. Presented, and read, 12. Committed, 16. Reported; to be ingrossed; 26. Passed, 27. Agreed to by the Lords, 2 Mar. Royal Assent, 5.

Melbourne Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 2 Mar. Presented, and read, 3 May. Committed, 7. Reported; to be ^ngrossed; 15, Passed, 17. By the Lords, with Amendments, 23. Amendments agreed to, ibid. Royal Assent, 28.

Members, take the Oaths, 23 Jan. 14 Feb. — not to bring Strangers into the House, 24 Jan. — to withdraw during the Time any Matter of Privilege relating to them is in Debate, ibid. — directed to make Reports, 2. 15 Feb. 1. 7. 19. 28.

29 Mar. 24 Apr. 11. 15. 16. 18 May. — Names of several set aside, after drawn to be on Sele& Committees for Trial of contelied Elections, viz. as being appointed Nominees,

15 Feb. 24 Apr. 2 May; on account of their Age, 15 Feb. 24 Apr. 2 May; as being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending, 15 Feb. 2 May; on Account of having voted at the Elections complained of, 15 Feb. 2 May; jhis Return not having been brought in Fourteen Days, 15 Feb.; on Account of their then serving on SeletSl Committees, 15 Feb. 2 May; on Account of having already served on Sele& Committees, 24 Apr. 2 May. — added to others appointed to manage a Conference with the Lords, 7 Mar. — added to others appointed to bring in Bills, 12 Mar. 26.

30 Apr. 4 May. — to carry Bills to the Lords instead of those fiirll appointed, 20 Mar. 18 May. — one nominated to be of a Committee upon a Division, 3 Apr. — to prepare Lists of

Names for Commissioners of Land Tax, 7 May. — one withdraws, 23 May.

---- Vide EUttions.

Merrtfeourt. Vide Sarfdtn.

Middleton, Mr. Vide Hajlings.

Mil borne Port, new Writ, 23 Jan.

Milford Road, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth -Road between Lippock and Rake, Petition for a Bill to revive and continue Part of the Act; referred to a Committee;

16 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 30 Apr. Presented,

and read, 3 May. Committed, 7. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Puffed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 24. Royal Assent, 28.

Militia, Committee appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing for, 12 Feb. Reported; to lie on the Table; 28. Referred to a Committee of

Supply, 2 Mar. Vide Bills in Supply.

Milter, John. Vide Qwjiions Neg.

Milrrich Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 9 Mar. Presented, and read, 19. Committed,

23. Petition trom certain Cottagers, against; to lie on the

Table till Bill reported, and Counsel ordered; 3 Apr. Bill

reported; House informed that the Petitioners declined being heard by Counsel on the Report; Bill re-committed; Petition against read again, referred, and Counsel ordered; all to have Voices; 8 May. Bill reported; to be ingrossed;

15. Passed, 16. Agreed to by tire. Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

Mint head, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House of his having issued his Warrant fora new Writ in the Recess, 23 Jan.

Molfcraft Road. Vide Beverley.

Mooring Chains. Vide London.

Morocco, Emperor of Vide Pole.

Motions withdrawn, 29 Jan. 9. 35 Feb. 5. 27 Mar. 27. 30 Apr. 15 May.

Muchley Comer Road to Walsall, Wednesbury, and other Places, Petition for a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of Act, so far as relates to the Two First Districts; referred to a Committee; 23 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 15 Mar. Presented, and read, 21. Committed, 28. Reported; to be ingrossed;. 15 May. Passed, 16. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Afi’ent, 28.

Museum, Petition of the Trustees for further Support, offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; to lie on the Table; 1 Feb. Referred to Committee of Supply, 2 Apr. Vide Supply.

Mnjlins. Vide Callicoe Printers.

Mutiny and Desertion, Bill for punishing, ordered, 12 Feb. Presented, and read, 16. Committed, 19. Committee deferred, 23. Bill considered, 28. Another Member to make the Report; Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 1 Mar. Passed, 12. Agreed to by the Lords, 19. Royal Assent, 22.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. 4. A. 1787.

A

ATi /RN, Petition for Leave to present a Petition, after the limited Time, for a Bill to appropriate 900l. of the utiexbaufted Balance of Monies arding from the forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards repairing the Bridge «pon the RiVeir Naftrn, 3 Apl. Leave given; Petition offered; King’s

Recommendation

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume.

Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read;

referred to a Committee; ibid.

Nassau. Vide Jamaica.

Naval Officers Widows. Vide King. Address.

Navigation. Vide Shipping.

Navy, Entries in Journals of last Session, and in 1773, of Addresses agreed to be presented to His Majesty, for Pensions and additional Allowances to certain Captains in the Navy, read, 26 Mar.

Ncston (Great) Road. Vide Chester.

Netheraton Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose;

Bill ordered; 7 Mar.

Nether Trindlc Road. Vide Birmingham.

Newburgh, Earl of, his Petition to be restored to certain Estates forfeited by Attainder, offered; King's Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; to lie on the Table; 16 Mar.

Newbury Road. Vide HurJUy.

Newcastle upon Tyne, Petition for a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse there; referred to a Committee; 1 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 4 May. Presented, and read, 7. Committed, n. Reported; to be ingrossed;

18. Faded, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent,

3°-

— ---- and Sunderland, Petition from certain Owners of

Ships, for Leave to present a Petition, after the limited Time, for a Bill to amend A &s 3 Geo. U. and 6 Geo. III. for regulating the Loading of Ships with Coals at those Ports; Leave given; Petition presented, and referred to a Committee; all to have Voices; 7 May. Reported; Bill ordered; 9. Presented, and read, 10. Petition from the Fraternity of Hoaftmen of Newcastle, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading of Bill, and Counsel ordered; Day appointed for Second Reading; 11. Petitions from Coal Owners on the River Tyne, and from Owners of Coal Ships in Newcastle, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading, and Counsel ordered; 14. Petitions in Favour; Second Reading of Bill deferred; ibid. Another Petition in Favour; Petition from the Corporation of Newcastle, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading, and Counsel ordered; 15. Other Petitions in Favour; Petition from Lord Cardiff, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading; 18. Second Reading of Bill put off for Three Months, ibid.

Newport Road. Vide Shremsbury.

New Providence. Vide Jamaica.

North Stow. Vide Cambridge.

Norwich, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House of his having issued his Warrant for a new Writ in the Recess, 23 Jan.

----- Election, Petition of Sir Thomas Beevor, complaining thereof; Day appointed for taking it into Consideration; 26 Jan. Petition of Electors; to be considered at the same Time, and Notices to be sent to the Parties; Mr. Speaker to issue hit Warrants for Persons, Papers, and Records; ibid. Committee appointed, 15 Feb. Report a void Election, 9 Mar.

------- new Writ, 9 Mar.

— ------ Petition from certain Electors, complaining of an

undue Election; Day appointed for taking it into Consideration; Notices to be sent to the Parties; Mr. Speaker to issue his Wurrants for Persons, Papers, and Records; 5 Apr. Committee appointed, 2 May. Report that the Sitting Member was duly elected, 8.

Notes. Vide Promissory Notes.

Nottingham Road to Mansfield, Petition for a Bill to repair; referred to a Committee; 6 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered;

2 Mar. Presented, and read, 8. Committed, 13. Petition from the Trustees of Leadenbam Hill and Southwell Roads, for additional Provision; referred to a Committee; 20. Bill reported; to be inarofied; 23. Passed 26. Agreed to by the Lords, 3 Apr. Royal Assent, 5.

------- Petition from, 7 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

..... shire Roads. Vide Gaittfborough. Batby.

vj Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

OATHS. Vide Members.

Occasional Freemen. Vide Elections.

Offenders. Vide Vagrants.

Offices and Employments, BiH to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify for, Itc. ordered, 23 Apr. Presented, and read, 26. Committed, 30. Considered, 7 May. Reported; to be ingossed; 8. Passed, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, a8.

—— Bill fair mpomting Commissioners farther to enquire into the Fees, Utatmues, &c. received in certain Public Offices, and to examine into any Abuses which Misty exist therein, ordered, 11 May. Presented, and read, ibid. Committed, 15. Considered, 16. Reported; to be ingrossed; Vo l. 42.

17. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 3°-

Ongar and Harlow, Petition for a Bill for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts in those Hundreds, and within the Half Hundred of Waltham; referred to a Committee; 7 Mar.

Ordersy and Resolutions, usual made, touching Privileges and Elections; to prevent Disorders; and relating to Members Letters; 24 Jan.

-----: Standing, made, 2 Feb.

----- for committing Bills, discharged, 15 Mar/i 4 May.

----- of Leave for Bills discharged, 29 Mar. 30 Apr. 2. 10

May.

----- for laying certain Papers before the House, discharged,

3 May.

Orton. Vide Hungerford.

Overseers of the Poor. Vide Poor.

OullaioritSf clandestine. Bill for preventing, read, 23 Jan. Oxfordshire Roads. Vide Burford. Reading.

270 Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A 1787.

PACKETS. Vide Letters.

Paddle Brook Road. Vide Burford Lane.

Paper, Duties thereon to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 16 May. Considered, ibid. Report Resolution for ascertaining the Duties on Non-enumerated Paper; agreed to, and lnflruttion accordingly; 17. Vide Wines. Papists. Vide Deeds.

Papworth. Vide Cambridge.

Parkgate Road. Vide Chester.

Parliament meets, 23 Jan. — prorogued, 30 May. 31 July.

16 Oct.

----- Motion for appointing a Committee to enquire into

the present State of the Kepresentation of the Commons therein; superseded by reading the other Orders of the Day;

2 May.

Pawnbrokers, Petition for a Bill to amend and reduce into One Act the Laws relative to them; referred to a Committee; 5 Mar. Reported; Bill for regulating their Trade, ordered;

14. Presented, and read, 16. Committed, 21. Considered, 29. Reported; to be ingrossed; 30. Palled, 3 Apr. By the Lords, with Amendments, 21 May. Amendments agreed to, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

Peckham. Vide CamberwtU.

Penal Laws. Vide Laws.

Penge Common, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered;

12 Mar.

Peterpicld, new Writ, 2 Feb.

Petitioners, decline being heard by Counsel on Report of Bills,

9 Mar. 8 May.

Petitions for private Bills, Time limited for receiving them, 26 Jan. Time enlarged, 6 Mar.

----- read again, 9 Mar. 19. 24. 27 Apr. 4. 8. 15. 16. 17. t8

May.

----- Leave given to present one after the limited Time,

23. 26 Mar. 3. 30 Apr. 4. 7 May.

----- one offered, not brought up, 28 May.

----- Vide Que/lions Neg.

Pevcnfey. Vide Lewes.

Pitferran, Bill to enable the Lords of the Treasury to purchase of the Proprietors of Coal Mines on that Estate the Right of Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Coals exported, ordered, 30 Apr. Presented, and read, 2 May. Committed, 7. Confideted, and reported; to be ingrossed; 8. Passed, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

Plymouth, Petition from several Free Burgesses of that Town, for Leave to present a Petition, after the limited Time, for Money to be employed in deanfing and securing the Harbours of Catwater and Sutton Pool; Leave given; Petition of the Corporation and Inhabitants, offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; to lie on the Table; 26 Mar. Read again, and referred to a Committee, 4 May. Reported; Report referred to Committee of Supply; 7. Vide Supply.

Pole, Charles (Agent for Mafahod de la Mar) his Petition for Leave to present a Petition, after the limited Time, for Compensation on Account of Goods belonging to the Emperor of Morocco being spoiled or loft by the Seizure of the Ship Herftelder; Leave given; Petition offered; King’s Recommendation signified; Petition brought up, and read; referred to a Committee; 30 Apr. Reported; Report to lie on the Table; 2 May. Referred to Committee of Supply, 4. Vide Supply.

Poor, Committee appointed to inspefl and consider Returns made by Overseers, relative to the State of the Poor, and by Miniftei's and Churchwardens, relative to Charitable Donations, in pursuance of A«&s of last Session; and to report, from Time to Time, their Observations thereupon, &c. 29

Jan.

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume.

Jan. All to have Voices, 31. Committee impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, 12 Mar. Report; to be printed; 23 May; a further Appendix to the Report delivered in; to be printed; 28.

Poor, Laws for Maintenance of them to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 30 Apr. Considered, and reported; Bill for more effectual Relief of the Poor, and ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard Children, ordered; ibid. Presented, and read, 3 May. Committed, 7. Re* ported; Day appointed for further considering Report; Bill and Amendments to be printed; 18.

---- Bill for the better Relief and Employment of them, ordered, 28 May. Presented, and read; committed; considered, and reported; Day appointed for further considering Report; Bill and Amendments to be printed; ibid.

---- Vide Address.

Portsca. Vide Portsmouth infra.

Portsmouth Common, Petition for a Bill to build a Chapel there;

Bill ordered; 23 Feb. Presented, and read, 7 May. Committed, 11. Reported; to be ingrossed; 18. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 24. Royal Assent, 28.

---- and PortJ'ea, Petition for a Bill for the more easy

Recovery of Small Debts in those Parishes; referred to a Committee; 5 Mar. Petition from the Corporation of Portsmouth, against; to lie on the Table; ibid. Petition from several Inhabitants of Portsea, against; to lie on the Table till first Petition reported; 9. First Petition reported; Bill ordered; 21. Presented, and read; Petitions against read again, and Counsel ordered at Second Reading of Bill; 19 Apr. Day appointed for Second Reading, 24. Second Reading put off for Three Months, 8 May.

Portugal. Vide Accounts. Quejliotts Neg. Woollen Goods.

Postage of Letters. Vide Letters.

Post Horses, Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to Jet to Farm the Duties granted by Act 25 Geo. III. on Post Horses, ordered, 18 Apr. Presented, and read; Day appointed for Second Reading; to be printed; 26. Committed, 2 May. Committee deferred, 3. Bill considered, 4. Report deferred, 7, Bill reported; to be ingrossed; to be printed, as amended; Day appointed for Third Reading; 8. Third Reading deferred, 10. Bill passed, 11. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

---- Master General, usual Orders to him, 24 Jan.

---- Office, Committee appointed to enquire into certain

Abuses thereto, 15 May. Five to be the Quorum, 16. To fit notwithstand tog any Adjournment of the House,

18. Question Neg. for impowering them to report their Proceedings from Time to Time, 21. Report; Day appointed for further considering it; Question Neg. for printing; 23. Report further considered, 28. Question previous Neg. for coming to a Resolution, That it appears that great Abuses have prevailed in the Post Office, &c. &c.; further Confederation of Report adjourned for Three Months; ibid.

Preston Brockhurst Road. Vide Shrewsbury.

---- Bridge Road. Vide Berwick.

Privileges, Committee appointed, 24 Jan.

Promiffdry Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, Bill to make perpetual Atl 17 Geo. 111. for further restraining the Negotiation of them, under a limited Sum, ordered, 19 Mar. liistruction for making perpetual Act 15 Geo. III. relative to them, 21. Bill presented, and read, 28. Committed, 24 Apr. Considered, and reported; to be ingrossed; 25. Passed, 26. Agreed to by the Lords, 2 May. Royal Assent, 21.

Protestant Purchasers. Vide Deeds.

Provisions. Vide Cattle.

Puchlechurch Road. Vide Mead Brook.

Pullens Hill Road. Vide Kippings Cross.

Pye, Henry James. Vide Saltash Flection.

27* Geo. III. Pari 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

QUESTIONS passed in the Neg. viz. for calling over the House, 5 Feb. — for an Address for Copies, or Extra6ts, of the Instructions given to His Majesty’s Ministers in Portugal, since the ill of May 1782, respecting the Complaints of the Britishi Merchants, and the Answers of the Court of Portugal to the Represen tat ions made in Cen-sequence thereof, 9. — for bringing up a Clause proposed to be added on Report of the Bill for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, 15. — for an Instruction to the Committee appointed to consider so much of King’s Speech as relates to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce with France, 16. — for re-committing a Resolution reported from D° Corami? ce, 19. — for the House to adjourn, 21 Feb. 19 Mar. — for an Address for some Mark ot Favour on Captain David Brodie, 5 Mar. — -that certain Word* proposed to be left out

of Questions (land Part thereof, 6 Mar. 8. 21 May. — for amending a Question, 7 Mar. — for coming to a Resolution, That it is necessary to declare, that no Address from this House to the Throne can pledge the House, in its Legifla-tive Capacity, or bar the Subjects Right of petitioning the House upon any Bill depending in Parliament, although such Bill be founded upon, and conformable to, such Address, 7 Mar. — for Copies of all Orders font out by the Directors of the East India Company, since 1784, forbidding their Servants in India to correspond with their Friends at Home relative to the Affairs of the Company, together with Copies of all Notifications of the said Orders to India, 13. — for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend Acts 24 and 26 Geo. III. for establishing a Court of Judicature for Trial of Offences committed in the East Indies, 19. — for an Instruction to a Committee on a Bill to turn the same into Two Bills, 21. — for going into a Committee to consider of so much of the Corporation and Test Acts as re-

Suires Persons, before they are admitted into any Office in Jorporations, or having accepted any Office or Place of Trust under the Crown, to receive the Sacrament according to the Rites of the Church of England, 28. — for recommitting a Resolution reported from a Committee of the whole House, 29. — for Leave to bring in a Bill to repeal the Shop Tax Acts, 24 Apr. — for reading the Sussex Gaol Bill a Second Time, 4 May. — for Copy of certain Paragraphs of Earl Cornwallis’s Letter to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated 16th November 1786, relative to the State of the Company's Finances, 9. — for bringing up a Clause proposed to be added on Third Reading of Bill for letting to Farm the Duties on Post Horses, 11. — for reading a Second Time a Clause proposed to be added to the Duchy of Lancaster Bill, 15. — for referring the Petition from London for a Bill to prevent Forestalling and Regrating Cattle and Provisions, to a Committee; 16. — for referring the Petition of the Owners and Freighters of Goods on Boarrd the Ships Martha and Sir William Erskine to a Committee; for an Address for enquiring into the Claims of Messrs. Swanfon, Miller, Struther9, and Mac Gillivray, late of West Florida, as stated in their Petition to the Treasury in 1782; 17, — for reading a Second Time a Clause proposed to be added to the American Commissioners Bill, on the Report; for referring the Petition from the West Florida Planters to a Committee; 18. — for reading the Lewes Small Debts Bill a Third Time; for impowering the Committee appointed to enquire into certain Abuses in the Post Office to report their Proceedings from Time to Time; 21. — for printing the Report from the above-mentioned Committee; for adjourning a Debate; 23.

------- previous, put, and passed in the Neg. viz. for

coming to a Resolution respecting Abuses in the Post Office, 28 May.

-----!L------------ in the Affirmative, 21

Feb.

------- Amendments proposed to, not made, 5. 15.

19 Feb. 23 Mar. 3. 27 Apr.

------- main, put, 5. 15. 19 Feb. 6. 7. 23 Mar. 3. 27

Apr. 8. 21 May.

---- — amended, 6.7 Mar. 8. 21 May.

------- an Amendment proposed to be made to one

withdrawn, 2 Apr.

------- proposed, superseded by reading the other Orders

of the Day, 2 May.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

JpA BAN, John, his Petition, 5 Mar. Vide Coqls.

Radfield. Vide Cambridge.

Ratcliffe upon Trent Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 9 Mar. Presented, and read, 7 May, Committed, 11. Reported; to be ingrossed; 18. Passed, 21. By the Lords, with Amendments, 28. Amendments agreed to, i bid. Royal Assent, 30.

Reading Road through Henley, Marlow, and other Places, to Hatneld, &c. Petition for a Bill to continue and enlarge Term and Powers of ASt; referred to a Committee; 9 Feo. Reported; Bill ordered; 14 Mar. Presented, and read, 19. Committed,26. Reported; to be ingrossed; 25 Apr. Passed,

26. Agreed to by the Lords, 7 May. Royal Assent, 21. Redburn Bridge Road. Vide Glasgow.

Religion, Grand Committee appointed, 24 Jan.

Renfrew County Ele&iou, Petition of Mr. M'Dewall complaining thereof; Day appointed for taking it into consideration; Notices to be lent to the Parties; Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrants for Persons, Papers, and Records; 2 Feb. House informed that the Petitioner desires to withdraw his Petition; Consideration of Motion for withdrawing

INDEX the Forty-second Volume,

drawing it adjourned; 16 Mar. Resumed; Order for considering Petition discharged; Petition withdrawn; 20.

Renfrew County Election, Complaint against the Sheriff Depute for having delayed executing the Writ; Motion for ordering him to attend, withdrawn; Day appointed for considering Complaint; 9 Feb. Consideration thereof deferred, 30 Mar. Question Neg. for his Attendance to answer the Matter of the Complaint, 17 Apr.

Reports, to be printed, 25 Apr. 10. 23 May. — with Appendix, 23 May.

----- referred to Committee of Supply, 2 Mar. 4. 7 May.

----- certain Papers contained therein to be printed, 21

Mar.

----- one re-committed, 8 May.

-- a further Appendix to one delivered in; to be printed; 28 May.

----- Vide Questiom Neg.

Resolutions, one amended, 2 May.

- ----- — of a former Session read, 7. 23 May. — and ordered

to be printed in the Votes, 14 May.

------ one postponed, 8 May.

------ Vide Questions Neg. and previous.

Returns, amended, 27 Feb. 8 May.

Revenue, so much of King’s Speech, at the Opening of the Session, as relates to Amplifying the Public Accounts in the various branches of the Revenue, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 21 Feb. Resolutions relative to the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce with France, and Thirteenth Report from the Commissioners of Public Accounts, referred; Instruction to consider Acts for estabiiflitng Annuities 00 Lives payable at the Exchequer;

26. Matters coofldered, 26 Feb. 1. 5 Mar. Accounts referred, 6 Mar. Matters further considered, ibid. Re-poit several Resolutions; agreed to, and Bill ordered thereupon; 7. Vide Cujioms. — Committee deferred, 12 Mnr. Matters further considered, 13. Committee deferred, 16.

19. Matters further considered, 26. Committee deferred,

27. Matters further considered, 28. Report several other Resolutions; Question Neg. for re-committing one; Resolutions agreed to, and lnstruction thereupon; 29. Vide Cujioms.

Jtodneu, Sir George Brydges, Vote of Thanks to him in 1782, read, and ordered to be printed in the Votes, 14 May.

Holt, Sir Edward Bayntun, Bill from the Lords for discharging divers Estates belonging to him and Mr. Rolt, from a Limitation contained in a certain Indenture; read; 19 Mar. Committed, 26. Reported; passed; 4 Apr. Royal Assent, 25.

Romney% new Writ, 23 Jan.

Roftau. Vide Jamaica.

Ross, Major General Charles. Vide Kirkwall.

Roxburghshire Roads. Vide Lauder.

Rum. v ide Jamaica.

Ryegate, new Writ, 28 May.

27° Geo. IIL Pari. 16. Sess. 4- A. 1787.

A LOP Roads. Vide Shrewsbury infra.

Saltq/h, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House of his having issued his Warrant for a new Writ in the Recess, 23 J an.

------ Election, Petition of Mr. Lemon complaining

thereof; Day appointed for taking it into Consideration; Notices to be sent to the Parties; Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrants for Persons, Papers, and Records; 7 Feb. Committee appointed, 24 Apr. Special Report upon the Absence of Mr. Kynaston, one of the Members of the Committee; his Apothecary examined; Mr. Kynaston discharged from any further Attendance, and Committee directed to proceed notwithstanding his Absence; 2 May. Special Report upon the Absence of Mr. Pye; his Apothecary examined; Leave given the Committee to proceed pursuant to their Adjournment, although Mr. Pye Humid not be able to attend; 3. Report that Mr. Lemon was duly elected; Deputy Clerk of the Crown to attend, and amend the Return; 7. Return amended, 8.

Salussbury, Robert, Bill from the Lords for rendering valid the Powers of Sale and Exchange inserted in his Marriage Settlement; read; 15 May. Committed, 21. Leave given for Committee to fit next Day, ibid. Bill reported; passed; 23. Royal Assent, 28.

SandJ'ord. Vide Shrewsbury infra.

Sandwich, Petition for a Bill for better paving, &c. the Streets, and regulating the Births and Mooring Places for Vessels at the Quay; referred to a Committee; 8 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 12. Presented, and read, 29. Committed, 4 Apr. Petition from several Gentlemen, &c. of the Eastern Part of Kent, against; referred, and Coua* Vol. 42.

fel ordered; all to have Voices; 17. Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 9 May. Passed, 15. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

Sarfden, Churchill, &c. Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 9 Mar. Member added; Bill presented, and read; 26 Apr. Committed, 30. All to have Voices, 4 May. Reported, and re-committed, 9. Reported; to be ingrossed; 10. King’s Consent signified, 11. Bill passed, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 17. Royal Assent, 21.

Sarum, New, Petition from, 3 Apr. Vide Shqps infra.

----- Old, new Writ, 16 Feb.

Sawley Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 2 Mar. Presented, and read, 3 May. Committed, 7. Reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Passed, 17. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

Scotland, Petition for a Bill for regulating the Weaving Trade there; to lie on the Table; 6 Mar.

------ Bill to make perpetual A6i 23 Geo. III. for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Judiciary, and Circuit Courts there, ordered, 17 Apr. Presented, and read, 20. Committed, 26. Committee deferred, 30. Bill considered, and reported; to be ingrossed; 2 May. Passed, 3. Agreed to by the Lords, 8. Royal Assent, 21.

------ Bill for further regulating Elections of Members for

Scotland, ordered, 17 Apr. Presented; to be printed; 14 May.

----- Petition from Glasgow, praying for an Alteration of the present System of Government in the Royal Burghs of Scotland, offered, 28 May.

Seamen, Bill for the more effectual supplying of His Majesty’s Ships of War with them, and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service, ordered, 27 Apr.

Serjeant at Arms, usual Orders to him, 24 Jan. — sent with the Mace to furamon Members, 13. 14. 15 Feb. 24 Apr. 1. 2. May. — to take a Person into Custody, 21 May.

Sevenoaks Road. Vide Kipping's Cross.

Shal/don Road. Vide Keyberry Bridge.

Shawbury Road. Vide Shrewsbury infra.

Sheffield, Petition from, 2 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

Shipping and Navigation, Acts for the increase and Encouragement thereof to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 9 May. Considered, and reported; Bill to enforce and render the Acts more effectual, ordered; ibid. Prefeuted, and read, 11. Committed, 14. Instruction to receive a Clause for declaring that Vessels qualified and registered iu Ireland, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, shall continue to enjoy the Privileges of British-built Ships, or Foreign-built Ships, owned by His Majesty’s Subjects; Bill considered; 15. Reported; to be ingrossed;

16. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 3°-

Shipwrights, Petition from those in the private Yards, cora-

fGaining of their Distress by being out of Employment; to ie on the Table; 23 Apr.

Shops, Petitions complaining of Acts 25 and 26 Geo. III. for granting certain Duties thereon; viz. from the Lord Mayor, &c. of London, 1 Feb. Shopkeepers of Lincoln, *19. Exeter, 26. Corporation of New Sarum, 3 Apr. Shopkeepers of Birmingham, 20. Question Neg. for Leave to bring iu a Bill to repeal the Acts, 24.

Shore ham. Vide Lewes.

Shrewsbury Roads to Preston Brockhurst, Shawbury, and Shrey-hill, Petition for a Bill to continue, alter, and enlarge Term and Powers of Ad, and for repairing other Roads; referred to a Committee; t6 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; si. Presented, and read, 3 Apr. Committed, 23. Reported, and re-commilled, 4 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 8. Passed, 9. Agreed to by the Lords, 17. Royal Assent, 21.

Simpson, William, Bill from the Lords for veiling Part of his Estates in Trustees to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; read; 10 May. Committed, 15. Reported; Passed; 23. Royal Assent,

28.

Skins. Vide Laws expiring.

Skynntr, Sir John, late Chief Baron of the Exchequer, Mef-sage from His Majesty to be enabled to grant him an Annuity; to be considered in a Committee of the whole House; 19 Mar. Considered, and reported; Bill Ordered; 2i. Presented, and read, 22. Committed, 23. Considered,

27. Reported; to be ingrossed; 28. Passed, 29. Agreed to by the Lords, 3 Apr. Royal Assent, 5.

Small Debts. V ide Debts.

Smuggling, so much of Act 24 Geo. III. for more effectually preventing thereof, as relates to the Vessels therein described, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House;

E Instru&iODs,

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume.

ItrflruAtons to confer of Duties payable on Flaflcs in

<which Wine or OH shall be imported; and, of federal Laws relative lo the Revenue of Customs; 7 May. Mailers considered, 8. Report several Resolutions; agreed to, and Bill or Bills ordered thereupon; 9. InstruAion to

ipake Provision for ascertaining in what Cafes the Duties are «lue upon Coals, Culm, or Cinders, carried Coastwise, ibid, Instructions, for permitting the free Importation of

' Ebony, of the Growth of Africa; for charging and allowing an additional Duty and Drawback on foreign Geneva imported and exported; 10. Bill prefen ted, ana read, 14. Committed, 15. InflruAion to receive a Clause for permitting the Duties on Coals brought Coastwise, to be secured by Bond; Bill considered; 16. Reported; to be

1 ingrossed; 17. Faffed, at. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 30.

Southampton County Roads. Vide Hurjley. Milford.

Southwark, Petition from, 23 Feb. Vide Copper Coin.

Southwell Road. Vide Nottingham.

Southwick. Vide Lewes.

Spalding, Petition from, 23 Apr. Vide Copper Coin.

Spath Road. Vide High Bridges.

Speaker, Mr. acquaints the House of his having issued Warrants for new Writs in the Recess, 23 Jan. Vide Norwich. Berwick. Saltash. Carlisle. Hellston. East Loot. Minehead. — Back Door of his Chamber to be locked up every Morning; to open Letters directed to the House; to appoint the printing of the Votes; 24 Jan. — reports His Majesty’s Answers to Addresses, 26 Jan. 9 Mar. — to issue his Warrants for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary on the Hearing of Contested Elections, 26 Jan. 1. 2. 7 Feb. 5 Apr. — acquaints the House that the Clerk had prepared a List of the Names of all the Members who had delivered in Lifts, in pursuance of AA of last Session, for further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, 8 Mar. — leaves the Chair upon a Division, 4 May. — acquaints the House that the Clerk bad received a Return to an Order of the House, 7 May. — to license the Printer of the Journal, 21 May.

Spirituous Liquors. Vide Licences.

Spofforth Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 12 Feb. Presented, and read, 16. Committed,

20. Reported; to be ingrossed; 2 Mar. Passed; 5. Agreed to by the Lords, 3 Apr. Royal Assent, 5.

Stafford, Petition for a Bill to build a new Gaol, and for providing a proper House of Correction for that County; referred to a Committee; 6 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; A Apr. Presented, and read, 18. Committed, 24. Reported; to be ingrossed; 7 May. Passed, 11. Agreed to by the

Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

----- new Writ, 2 May.

----- shire Roads. Vide Birmingham. High Bridges. Wed-

nefbury. Muckley Corner. JJhborne.

Staine. Vide Cambridge.

Stamford and Grantham Road, Petition for a Bill to enlarge Term and Powers of Acts; referred to a Committee; 5 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 27 Apr. Presented, and read, 30. Committed, 4 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 11.

Passed, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent,

28.

Stamps. Vide Customs.

Staploe. Vide Cambridge.

Sleeton and Eastburn Common Fields, Petition for a Bill to inclose; Bill ordered; 2 Mar. Presented, and read, 30. Committed, 5 Apr. Reported; to be ingrossed; 8 May.

Passed, 15. Agreed to by the Lords, 2i# Royal Assent,

28.

Stephenson, Rowland. Vide Carlisle.

Steyning. Vide Lewes.

Stills. Vide Wines.

Stonehouse (East) Petition for a Bill to re-build the Chapel; referred to a Committee; 5 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; q. Order for Bill discharged, and another Bill ordered, 29. Presented, and read, ibid. Committed, 2 Apr. Reported;

to be ingrossed; 17. Passed, 19. Agreed to by the Lords,

24. Royal Assent, 25.

Stourbridge, Petition fjom, g Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

Stow Road. Vide Burford Lane.

Struthers, William. Vide Questions Neg*

Sudbury Road. Vide JJhborne.

Suffolk Roads. Vide Essex.

Sunderland, Petition from, 5 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

------- Vide Newca/ile.

Supply.

Motion for it to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 25 Jan. Speech referred; Motion considered; 26. Reported; Supply agreed to, Nem. Con.; 29. Considera-Uoa thereof referred to a Committee of the whole House,

29. 31 Jan. 2. 5. 7. 9. *2. 15. 16. 19. 2i. 23. 26. 28

Feb. 2. 5. 7. 9. 12." 14. *6. 19. 21. 23. 26. 28. 30

Mar. 2. 4. 18. 20. 23. 25. 27. 30 Apr. 2. 4. 7 May.

— Considered, 2. 5. 9 Feb. 2. 16 Mar. 2. 18. 27 Apr.

4. 7 May. — Estimates, 8cc. referred, 5. 9 Feb. 2. 16 Mar. 2. 18. 25 Apr. 4. 7. May. — Report Resolutions relating to 18,000 Seamen, including 3,860 Marines; the Sum for maintaining the m; 5 Feb. — a Sum for discharging Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of AA of last Session, for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; for D° made out by virtue of D9, for raising a further Sum thereby; 6. — 17,638 Men for Land Service, including 2,030 Invalids; the Sum for maintaining them, including the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers, 8tc. &c.; the Sum for Forces in the Plantations, and at Gibraltar, including the Pay of Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, 8cc. 8cc.; for Difference between Charge of British and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments and Four Companies of Foot serving in America, the West Indies, and Isle of Man, including D°; for General and General Staff Officers; for Full Pay to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces; a Sum, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India; the Sum for Allowances to the Pay-master General of the Forces, Secretary at War, Commissary General of the Mutters, 8cc. &c.; for Ordnance, Land, Service; 12 — Provision for Pay and Cloathing of the MU litia, 5 Mar. — a Sum for the Ordinary of the Navy; Buildings and Re-buildings of Ships; 19. — a Sum to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good Deficiency, on 5th July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by AA 31‘Geo. II.; D° for D9 on 10th October 1786, granted by AA 18 Geo. III.; D9 for D° on 5th July 1786, granted by AA 19 Geo. III.; D° for D° on 10th October 1786, granted by AA 20 Geo. III.; D# for D9 on 5th July 1786, granted by AA 22 Geo. III.; D9 for D9 on 10th October 1786, granted by AA 23 Geo. III.; DoforD* on 5th July 1786, granted by AAs 24 and 25 Geo. III.; a Sum to replace to the Sinking Fund the Amount of the respective Sums paid thereout, to make good Deficiency, on 5th April 1786, of Duties granted by AAs 24 and 25 Geo. IH. for repealing the Duties on Tea, 8tc. &c.; a Sura upon Account of Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; for Reduced Horse Guards; upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces; for Allowances to several Reduced Officers of D9 Forces; on Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General; for the In and Out Pen l sioners of Chelsea Hospital, and the Expences of the said Hospital; upon Account, for defraying Pensions to Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same; for Difference between Charge of British and IriQi Establishment of several Battalions and Companies of Foot, for several Perods in 1786; towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Army; 3 Apr. — a Sum to the Trustees of the British Museum, 20. Farther Provision for Support of Widows of Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, Purlers, Surgeons, and Second Matters, in the Navy, ibid. Vide Jddrejs. — a Sum to make good Deficiency of last Year’s Grants; for the Civil Establimment of Nova Scotta; of Saint John’s Island; of New Brunswick; of the Island of Cape Breton; for defraying the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in Newfoundland; for defraying the Salaries of the Civil Officers of East Florida, to 24th June 1786; for defraying the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund; for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales; for discharging Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of A A of last Session, for raising a further Sum thereby; 30. — a Sum to make good Money issued to Mr. Cotton, to discharge Bills drawn on the Treasury by Mr. Brown, aAing Governor of the Bahama Islands, and others; D° to D°, and paid by him, by Order of the Treasury, to Mr. Dundas and Mr. Pemberton, Commissioners for American Claims, for Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and the Fees attending the Receipt thereof; D° to Mr. Mouat, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Fees and Emoluments received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Cletks and Contingent Expences; D° to Mr. Cotton, to enable him to pay the Re prefen tatives of Richard Bradley, for the Value of Merchandize bought for Purchase of the Island of Le Mainr, in the River Gambia, as a Settlement for ConviAs, and to pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof; a Sum for defraying the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, &c. in 2 North

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume.

North Britain; to male# Compensation to Mr. Jenkinson, Tor the like Sum paid by him for the Three First Payments towards che Loan of 1784, and which became forfeited to the Public, by omitting to make the future Payments, on Account of being confined to his bed by Hlness; for Sun-port of the African Forts and Settlements; to Mr. Pole, Agent to Mafahod de la Mar, for Damages iuftained by the Seizure^ and Detention of the Ship Herftelder, laden with Merchandize on Account of the Emperor of Morocco; towards carrying on the Buikitogs at Somerset House; for prefect Relief, and upon Account, to such of the American Sufferers as have proved their Losses, to be distributed in certain Proportions; 7 May. — a Sum for present Relief, and upon Account, to fnoh of the East Florida Sufferers as have proved their Losses, to be distributed in a certain Proportion; for dean ling and securing the Harbour of Cat-water, and Sutton Pool, near Plymouth 5 to make good Money Hfued to the Secretary of the Commissioners of Public Accounts *, D° to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of such Persons who have iuffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of East Florida to Spain; D* to the Secretary of the CommHTioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; D* to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists; to make good Money ill'ued pursuant to Addresses; 8.

tVai/s and Means for raising the Supply, to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 6. 7.

9. is. 15. 16. 19. si. *3. 26. *8 Feb. 2. 5. 7. 9. 12.

< 14. 16. 19. 2i. 23. 26. 28. 30 Mar. 2. 4. 20. 23. 25.

27. 30 Apr. 2. 4. 7 May. — Considered, 7 Feb. 5 Mar.

20. 30 Apr. 7. 9 May. — Accounts, &c. referred, 20 Apr.

4. 7 May. — Instruction to consider an expiring Law, 8 May. — Report Resolutions for continuing the Duties on Malt, &c.; for granting Four Shillings in the Pound on Land, &c.; Bills ordered thereupon; 8 Feb. Vide infra. — that

‘ the Charge of the Militia shall be defrayed ont of the Land Tax; Bill ordered thereupon; 6 Mar. Vide infra. — applying a Sam remaining in the Exchequer on 5th April 1787, of Surplus of Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, 23 Apr. Read again, and Instruction accordingly, 8 May. Vide Confotidated Fund Bill infra. — for raising 756,875/. by Way of Lottery; amended, and agreed to; Bill ordered thereupon; 2 May. Vide infra. — for raising 2,500,000l. by Loans or Exchequer BiHs; raising 1,500,000l. by D*; raising the further Sum of 3,500,000l. by 1>; applying a Sum out of Monies that shall arise of Surplus of <3onfo1idated Fund; applying Im-prest and other Public Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament; applying a Sum, being the Amount of Army Savings and Stoppages in 1785 and 1786, towards defraying the Extraordinaries of the Army; applying a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, of Monies granted for Land Forces in 1785; Bills ordered thereupon; 8 May. Vide infra. — for continuing so much of Art o Geo. III. as relates to the Importation of Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and America; Instruction accordingly;

10. Vide Lares expiring.

Bills of Supply.

BH1 for further continuing the Duties on Malt, &c. ordered, 8*Feb. Presented, and read, 9. Committed, 12. Committee deferred, 15. 16. 19. lnftrurtions for Clauses of Credit and Deficiency; BHl considered; 21. Reported; to be ingrossed; 26. raffed, 27. Agreed to by the Lords, 2 Mar. Royal Assent, 5.

---- for Four Shillings in the Pound on Land, &c. ordered,

8 Feb. Presented, and read, 9. Committed, 12. Committee deferred, 15. 16. 19. lnfirurtions for Clauses of Credit and Deficiency; Bill considered; 2i. Reported; to be ingrossed; 26. Faffed, 27. Agreed to by the Lords, 2 Mar. Royal Assent, 5.

---- for defraying the Charge of the Militia out of the

Land Tax, ordered, 6 Mar. Instruction to indemnify-De* puty Lieutenants and Militia Officers who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace; Bill presented, and feed, 15. Com* mi tied, 16. Considered, 19. Reported; to be ingrossed; flo. Faffed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 27. Royal AJTejife 3-

---- for raising Money by a Lottery, ordered, 2 May. Presented, and read, 9. Committed, 11. Committee deferred, 14. Bill considered, 15. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Palled, 18. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent,

28.

---- for raising Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, ordered,

Vol. 42.

8 May, Presented, and read, 9. Committed, 11. Considered, 14. Reported; to be ingrossed; 15.* Faffed, 17* Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

— - for raising a further Sunt of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, ordered, 8 May. Presented, and read, 9. Committed, 'll. Considered, 14. Reported; to be ingrossed;

15. Passed, 17. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

---- for raising a further Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills,

ordered, 8 May. Presented, and read, 9. Committed, n. Considered, 14. Reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Passed, 17. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

*---- for granting Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and

other rurposes, ordered, 8 May. Instruction, ibid. Bill presented, and read, 14. Committed, 15. lnftrurtions for Clauses of Credit and Appropriation; Part of King's Speech in 1763, relative to the Sale of-French Prizes, 8cc. referred; Bill considered; 16. Reported; to be ingrossed;

17. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 30.

Surrey Roads. Vidfe Wrolham Heath. Milford.

Suffix, Bill from the Lords for veiling the Scite, Buildings, and other the Premisses belonging to Jihe Old Gaol of that County, in Trustees, for couveying the same to Lady Irwin and her Heirs, and to declare the New Gaol to be the Common Gaol for the Paid County, 2 May. Read; Question Neg. for reading it a Second Time; laid aside, and another Bill ordered; 4. Presented, and read, ibid. Committed; Leave given for Committee to fit on a certain Day; 8. Bill reported; to be ingrossed; 11. Passed, 14. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

----- Roads. Vide Hurst Green. Kipping's Cross. Mil*

ford.

Sutherland, new Writ, 28 MayJ

Sutton Pool. Vide Plymouth.

Swansea, Petition for a Bill for better paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching the Streets; referred to a Committee; 51 Jan. Reported; Bill ordered; 6 Feb. Presented, and read, 6 Mar. Petition from several Owners of Estates in Swansea* against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading of Bill, and Counsel ordered; Day appointed for Second Reading; 9. Another Petition from several Owners of Estates in Swansea, against; to lie on the Table till Second Reading, and Counsel ordered; 28. Bill read a Second Time; Counsel heard; Bill committed; all to have Voices; 19 Apr. Committee revived; instructed to fit next Day; 2 May. Petition from Mr. Powell, against; referred, and Counsel ordered; 4.

Swanfon, Peter. Vide QufJHons Neg.

27* Geo. III. Paii. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

rrAIN. Vide Kirkwall.

A Tell Art. Vide Questions Neg.

Tama its Lane Road. Vide High Bridges.

Thread Manufacture, State thereof to be considered in a Committee of the whole House, 17 Apr. Committee deferred,

18. Matter considered, and reported; Bill for better Regulation of the Manufacture, oraered; 20. Presented, and read; to be printed; 24. Committed, 3 May. Committee deferred, 7. 8.15. 17.

Tipton Green Road. Vide Birmingham.

Tools. Vide Lazes expiring.

Torkey Road. Vjjle Keybeiry Bridge.

Trade, Grand Committee appointed, 24 Jan.

Treaty of Navigation and Commerce with France. Vide Accounts. France. Address.

Trecastle Road to the Confines of Carmarthen shire, Petition for a Bill to oblige the Trustees of the Breconshire Roads to repair it, or that the same may be put under the Management of the Trustees for repairing the Road from Mothvey to Tavern Spite; referred to a Committee; 21 Feb. Reported, and Instruction thereupon, 16 Mar. Vide Brecon-shire Roads.

Triplow. Vide Cambridge.

Trowelt, Petition for a Bill to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the said Lordship, and for uniting the Two

... Medieties of the Rertory of the Parish Church of Trowell; Bill ordered; 5 Mar. Presented, and read, 9. Committed, 13. Reported; to be ingrossed; 21. Passed, 22. By the Lords, with Amendments, 15 May. Amendments agreed to,

16. Royal Assent, 21.

Truro, new Writ, 26 Feb.

Tutbury Road. Vide A/hborne.

27* Geo.

INDEX to the Forty-second Volume.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sets. 4. A. 1787.

T/Tj GRANTS, Bill to explain and amend so much of Act

6 Geo. L as gives a discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, ordered, 14 Mar. Presented, and read, 19. Committed, 20. Considered, and reported; to be ingrossed; 27. Passed, 28. Agreed to by the Lords, 3 Apr. Royal Assent, 5.

Votes, to be printed, 24 Jan.

----- Entries therein read, 19 Mar.

—— Resolutions of a former Session ordered to be printed therein, 14 May.

----- Vide Address.

UtenfiU. Vide Laws expiring.

Uttoxeter Commons, Petition for a Bill to inclose and lease them, and for applying the Profits in Aid of the Poors Rate, &.C.; Bill ordered; 26 Feb. Presented, and read, 30. Apr. Committed, 4 May. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 24. Royal Assent, 28.

— - — Road. Vide High Bridges.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

TJfACKERBA RTH, George, Petition for a Bill for his

Jr Naturalization; Bill ordered; 26 Jan. Presented, and lead, 29. Party takes Oaths, 31. Bill committed, 2 Feb. Reported; to be ingrossed; 9. Passed, 12. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, ibid.

Walts, Prince of, Message from His Majesty, respecting the Prince’s Debts; Day appointed for considering it; 21 May. Consideration thereof deferred, 23. Message considered, 24. Vide Address.

— New South, Bill for enabling His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast thereof, and Parts adjacent, ordered, 29 Jan. Presented, and read, l Feb. Committed 6. Considered, 9. Report deferred, 12. Bill reported; lobe ingrossed; 15. Passed, 16. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, ibid.

Walsall Road. Vide Muckley Comer.

Waltham. Vida Ongar.

Wanstead Church, Petition for a Bill to re-bnild it, and for exchanging the Rectory House; referred to a Committee; 15 Mar. Reported; Bill for re-building the Church, ordered; 2 May. Presented, and read, 3. Committed, 7. Reported; to be ingrossed; 15. Passed, 16. Agreed to by the Lords, 21. Royal Assent, 28.

Warwickshire. Vide Birmingham.

Wq/h Stills. Vide Wines infra.

Waterford. Vide Letters.

Waters-Upton Road. Vide Shrewsbury.

Weaving Trade. Vide Scotland.

Wednesoury Roads. Vide Birmingham. Muckley Comer.

«-------- to Darlaston Lane, and through Bilston to

Gibbet Lane, &c. &c. Petition for a Bill to continue and enlarge Term and Powers of Ad; referred to a Committee; 2 Mar. Reported; Bill ordered; 6. Presented, and read, 9. Committed, 14. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16 May. Passed, 17. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

Westminster, Petition from, 2 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

Wetherley. Vide Cambridge.

Wheat. Vide Laws expiring.

White Ashts. Vide AJnes.

— - Mr. Vide Addrefi.

Whiteflieet Hill Road to the Index Post on the Side of HarnhaiA Hill, and from thence to Mr. Baker’s Farm House, Petition for a Bill to revive and continue the Ad; to lie on the Table; 16 Mar.

Whittlesford. Vide Cambridge.

Wick. Vide Kirkwall.

Widows. Vide King. Address.

Williamfton. Vide Graham.

Wills. Vide Deeds.

Wiltshire Roads. Vide Mead Brook.

Wines, House resolves to go into a Committee to consider of certain Allowances to be made to Dealers in Foreign Wines; Matter considered; 7 May. Report one Resolution; agreed to, and Bill ordered thereupon; 8. Instruction to make Provision for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, ibid. Bill presented, and read, 14. Committed, 15. Committee deferrea, 16. Instructions, to receive Cl&uses for ascert&ining the Duties on Non-enumerated Paper; for altering the Purvey of Candlemakers entered Premisses during the Night Time; and, directing that no Wash Still under Fifty Gallons shall be licensed, nor, unless a Spirit Still of One Fourth of the Contents of the Wash Still be licensed therewith; Bill considered; 17. Reported; tube ingrossed; 18. Passed, 21. Agreed to by the Lords, 28. Royal Assent, 30.

Witnesses, ordered to attend Committees of the whole House, 26 Jan. 1. 16. 21. 26 Feb. 2. 5. 14. 19. 22. 26. 29. 30 Mar. — the House, at Second Reading of Bills, 23.30 Apr.

----- Bill for obviating Objections to the Competency of

them, in certain Cafes, ordered, 8 May. Presented, and read, 11. Committed, 14. Considered, 15. Reported; to be ingrossed; 16. Passed, 17. Agreed to by the Lords, 23. Royal Assent, 28.

Wolverhampton, Petition from, 24 Jan. Vide Copper Coin.

Woodford Road. Vide Harlow.

Wooamancoate. Vide Lewes.

Woodjide Ferry Road. Vide Chester.

Woollen Goods, Motion for laying before the House an Account of the Quantity of Woollen Goods exported from London to Portugal, between 1777 and 1787; withdrawn; 29 Jan.

Worcester, Petition from, 7 Mar. Viae Copper Coin.

----- shire Roads. Vide Birmingham.

Worksop Roads. Vide Balby.

Writs, new, issued in the Recess. Vide Speaker.

Writtle Road. V ide Harlow.

Wrotham Heath Road to the Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, Petition for a Bill to continue the Ad; referred to a Committee; 2 Feb. Reported; Bill ordered; 21. Presented, and read, 23. Committed, 27. Reported; to be ingrossed; 8 Mar. Passed, 9. Agreed to by the Lords, 15-Royal Assent, 22.

27* Geo. III. Pari. 16. Sess. 4. A. 1787.

VARMOUTH (Great) Petition from, 2 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

— ---- — new Writ, 4 Apr.

York, Archbishop of, Bill from the Lords for vesting the Estates in Yorkshire, and also the Heir Looms, deviled by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing Estates to be settled to the same Uses; fead; 8 May. Committed, 14. Reported; passed; 21. Royal Assent, 28.

--- Petition from, 2 Mar. Vide Copper Coin.

--- shire Roads. Vide Balbu. Beverley.

Yoxall Bridge Road. Vide djhbomt. High Bridges.

FINIS.

o ne

4

lyiuz-ou uy

